Software Developer Intern

As an intern at ResMed, you’ll gain hands-on experience, learn from experts, and collaborate with teams that do truly amazing things.

Over the course of our 12-week internship experience you will have the opportunity to: 

Work directly with a mentor in your field of study while finding solutions to real world problems
Experience our products up close by working with one of our Digital Engineering teams
Interact directly with our company leaders
Build a lasting professional network through social events and engaging activities
Gain the skills and knowledge to become a future leader in the medical technology industry  
Let's Talk About Responsibilities:

As a Software Developer Intern, you will work directly with talented individuals of all levels.  With guidance from a departmental leader, you will work on an internal support tool MVP to help with internal monitoring of our IoT devices.

The right candidate for our internship will be expected to know commonly used concepts, practices, and procedures within the software development process and rely on mentorship, instructions, and pre-established guidelines to perform the job's functions.  

This is preferred to be a hybrid role located in Halifax, Nova Scotia.  Candidates will be asked to be available to participate in on-site/remote team meetings.

Employer will not sponsor applicants for employment visa status.

Basic Qualifications (Required Skill/Experience):

Ability to work full-time for 12 weeks during Summer 2025; program dates are May 19, 2025 – August 8, 2025 OR June 16, 2025 – September 5, 2025
Computer Science academic studies that will lead to a Bachelors in Computer Science.
Experience with Java or Python is an asset.
Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience):

Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Strong experiences as demonstrated through projects, research or computer science internships
Great interpersonal relations, team cooperation and communication skills.
Exceptional organizational and collaboration skills as demonstrated through leadership positions on teams and/or in student or civic organizations
Exceptional communication skills and interest and enthusiasm related to medical technology industry and a career with ResMed
Pay Range:

Please note that the salary information shown below is a general guideline only. Salaries are based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations.

We are shaping the future at ResMed, and we recognize the need to build on and broaden our existing skills and continue to attract and retain the world’s best talent. All Interns will be hired through our staffing provider partner and will not be a direct employee of ResMed, your Recruiter will provide more details.

Individual pay decisions will be made by our staffing provider partner and are based on a variety of factors, such as the candidate’s geographic work location, relevant qualifications, work experience, and skills.

Base Pay Range for this position:

$22.50 - $41.50 per hour.


Equal Opportunity Employer

ResMed is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

#TECHintern

Joining us is more than saying “yes” to making the world a healthier place. It’s discovering a career that’s challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now! We commit to respond to every applicant.