Our student and new graduate programs offer a chance to explore Sun Life from the inside. You’ll make a difference in the lives of our customers and communities, while building the skills and experience that allow you to grow in a meaningful and rewarding way.

Job Description:

Length of term: 4 months (Summer 2025)

Role Summary:

The Associate Software Engineer, Co-op will be an entry-level member of a team that provides research, design and development efforts on a variety application projects. The Co-op will also utilize his/her keen interest, enthusiasm and experience to produce prototype deliverables in a cost-effective and timely manner through our Innovation Program.

  

What will you do?

Collaborate with skilled Agile team members to develop, deliver and maintain high quality applications

Develop efficient, high-quality, documented code

Complete coding, testing, debugging and implementation activities as required

Manages or coordinates small to medium prototypes from ideation through planning, requirements, construction and presentation

Develops an understanding of the business and technical needs of a project

Identifies gaps in their own knowledge and actively seeks out assistance from senior team members in order to effectively deliver high quality solutions and services in a timely and efficient manner

Ensures that solutions meet both business and technical requirements, including performance, maintainability and stability

What do you need to succeed?

Competencies:

A self-starter and self-motivated

Good organizational, multi-tasking and time management skills

Ability to quickly ramp-up on new technologies

Results focused - able to understand and act based on requirements & needs

Analysis and problem solving - ability to break down an idea, articulate the requirements into more detail in order to create a working proof-of-concept and/or prototype

Teamwork - ability to work collaboratively with others (technical and non-technical partners or team members) within an Agile team structure

Strong communication and presentation skills  (written and verbal) - ability to express ideas, thoughts and questions so that they can be understood by various audiences, technical and non-technical

Technical Skills and qualifications:

Studying towards a university degree in Computer Science or a related field

The ideal candidate will have complementary experience with some/several of the following: Agile methodology, participation in Hack-a-thons, a keen interest in Innovation and Artificial Intelligence

Experience in web application development using some or all of the following technologies: Java, J2EE, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, Cloud based applications, AWS Lambda, and Google Firebase

Good understanding of web based applications and client server technologies

What’s in it for you?

A friendly, collaborative, and inclusive culture where you’re an innovator and trusted partner 

An environment of continuous learning and improvement  

We’re honored to be recognized as a 2024 Best Workplaces in Canada by Great Place to Work® Canada 

The Base Pay range is for the primary location for which the job is posted for.  The Base Pay which you will be considered for will vary depending on the Campus program you are selected for. 

Eligible Sun Life employees for various Campus Graduate programs will also participate in various incentive plans, payment under which is discretionary and subject to individual and company performance

Diversity and inclusion have always been at the core of our values at Sun Life. A diverse workforce with wide perspectives and creative ideas benefits our clients, the communities where we operate and all of us as colleagues. We welcome applications from qualified individuals from all backgrounds.

Persons with disabilities who need accommodation in the application process or those needing job postings in an alternative format may e-mail a request to thebrightside@sunlife.com.

At Sun Life we strive to create a flexible work environment where our employees are empowered to do their best work. Several flexible work options are available and can be discussed throughout the selection process depending on the role requirements and individual needs.

We thank all applicants for showing an interest in this position. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

Job Category:

Temporary Employee
Posting End Date:

16/02/2025