About us
Coalition is the world's first Active Insurance provider designed to help prevent digital risk before it strikes. Founded in 2017, Coalition combines broad insurance coverage with a digital risk assessment and continuous security monitoring to help organizations protect themselves in today’s hyper-connected world.

Opportunities to make an impact with bold thinking are real - and happening daily.

About the role
This particular internship opportunity will be contributing to the vital efforts of our software engineering team. Curious about the day in the life of an intern? 

Interns at Coalition will be able to work remotely thus giving you the flexibility of working in an environment of your choice
Did I mention that our internships are paid and full-time?
You will be paired with your very own mentor that will be your source of guidance and direction during your internship
Duration: 10-14 weeks (ideally) 
An intern project will be decided between you and your mentor
The ability to meet senior technical and business leaders across the company
At the end of your internship, you will have the ability to showcase your completed project and reflect on your time at Coalition
You will gain some exceptional experience in a fast-paced, fun and inclusive environment
PLUS...there could be potential for post-internship career opportunities

We believe in saying “yes” when it comes to venturing into the ever-changing world of tech. Your fellow teammates are right there with you. All of our individual successes contribute to the larger success of the company. One for all and all for one! 

It’s that time. Let’s take a closer look at the role responsibilities and qualifications.

Responsibilities
Design and code the right solutions starting with broadly defined problems
Find and build unique solutions to implement projects from the idea phase to production
Test and iterate code before and after production release
Work in an agile environment to deliver high quality software
Skills and Qualifications
Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Math, Physics, or related field
You are entering your 4th year at university or final year for an advanced degree
Knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals such as data structures, problem solving, databases
Comfortable in one or more programming languages like Go, Python
Ability to participate in a full-time internship between June-August
Why Coalition? 
We’re a remote-first, mission-driven team committed to building a more inclusive culture with people of all different backgrounds. We trust our team members to take responsibility, share ownership, and put in the work to help us in our pursuit to solve digital risk.

Coalition’s exceptional growth stems from its ability to address real-world problems for organizations of all sizes and remain true to our founding values of character, humility, responsibility, purpose, authenticity, and inclusion. 

We’re always looking for collaborative, inquisitive individuals to join #OurCoalition.

Visit our Newsroom > 

 

Privacy Notice
Coalition is committed to protecting your privacy and handling your personal information responsibly. We collect, use, and store personal information as necessary for the recruitment process and in compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations in all regions where we operate. We want you to understand what personal information we collect, how we use it, and your rights regarding access, correction, and deletion of your data where applicable. Information submitted, collected, and processed as part of your application is subject to Coalition's Privacy Policy. For further details, please review our full Privacy Policy or contact us with any questions regarding how your information is handled.

Our Privacy Policy > 

 

Anti-Discrimination Notice

Coalition is proud to be an Equal Opportunity employer. Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals, without discrimination or harassment on the basis of any characteristic protected by applicable laws in each country where we operate. This commitment includes, but is not limited to, ensuring equal treatment in recruitment, selection, training, promotion, transfer, compensation, and all other aspects of employment. Coalition does not tolerate discrimination or harassment of any kind, and we are dedicated to fostering an inclusive and supportive workplace.

 

Accommodations
Coalition is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities, including applicants and employees, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in each country where we operate. Our policy is to support equal opportunity in the hiring process by considering qualified applicants regardless of disability or other protected characteristics, unless providing accommodation would impose an undue hardship or disproportionate burden. If you require accommodation to complete an application, interview, pre-employment testing, or participate in the selection process, please contact us at candidateaccommodations@coalitioninc.com. We also consider all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in line with applicable laws and regulations in each jurisdiction.

 

To all recruitment agencies: Coalition does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Do not forward resumes to our email alias, employees, or other physical or virtual organization locations. Coalition is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.