Mobile Application Development - Summer Intern in Montreal 2025

If you have a disability and require assistance during the recruitment process, please contact our Recruitment and Accommodation team using the Accommodation Request form . This form is only used by individuals with disabilities who require assistance or adjustments to apply for a job or attend an interview. This form is not intended to obtain information about a position or the status of an application.


* Note: Applications will be accepted for at least 5 business days after the job posting. The posting will be removed when application goals are met.


Expedia Group brands make global travel accessible to everyone, everywhere. We build cutting-edge technology to make travel more seamless and memorable, and we create breakthrough solutions for our partners. Our diverse, vibrant and welcoming community is essential to our success.


Why join us?

To shape the future of travel, people must come first. Guided by our values ​​and leadership agreements, we foster an open culture where everyone belongs, differences are celebrated and we know that when one colleague succeeds, we all succeed.

By joining Expedia Group’s 2025 Global Summer Internship Program as a Mobile App Development Intern , you’ll be fully integrated into our inclusive community and gain a comprehensive, day-to-day experience at Expedia Group. Our global program is an opportunity to contribute to business-critical projects by developing your skills through tailored learning and training, receiving ongoing support, and participating in intern events to grow your knowledge and community. We’re building a more inclusive world. Join us.


Internship Program Highlights:  


Onboarding: Connect with your cohort members, receive support, and set yourself up for success during your first week.

Intern Boot Camp: Learning role-specific technical and professional skills, both in-person and virtually, during your first week to help set you up for success.

Significant Work and Projects: Interns join a variety of Expedia Group teams and contribute directly to business workflows and priorities; upon completion of the internship, interns present their work to team members and senior management.

Learning Series: Interactive workshops delivered by our Learning Team to build professional and soft skills and support development, including topics such as personal branding and presentation skills.

Leadership Series: Exclusive intern-only events with our Travel Leadership Team leaders to learn about their career journeys, hear their perspectives on industry and business trends, and ask questions.

Social Events: Regular fun events hosted for each regional cohort so you can get to know each other, experience Expedia Group culture, and enjoy a relaxed time.

Mentoring: Mentors are assigned to each intern to support their development and learning throughout the program. They are also a great resource to develop your understanding and network within EG.

Support: Coaching and guidance provided by managers, team navigators (companions) and a resource person per region from the Emerging Talent & Careers team.


Your mission:

At Expedia, we are building next-generation technologies that have made us world-renowned and are revolutionizing travel. We engage top technology talent to innovate and build cutting-edge mobile and web applications. As a Mobile App Developer at Expedia, you will design and implement scalable, fault-tolerant, high-volume solutions. You will work with the team to design, implement, and evolve features quickly and efficiently. We are looking for a Developer to work on mobile applications that are used by hundreds of thousands of our travelers and partners around the world and localized in multiple languages. Our developers are involved in all aspects of the application lifecycle. We release our applications multiple times per month and measure their performance to continue to improve our features and underlying platform. This is a unique opportunity to join the world's largest online travel company and help shape the future of leading accommodation initiatives within Expedia's global development organization. 

Implement holistic solutions to ensure a consistent experience across desktop and mobile platforms, with a focus on Android or iOS. 

Design scalable, fault-tolerant software for service features in Expedia Group applications. 

Work closely with other native mobile developers, designers, and product managers to help define and implement new features. 

Participate and contribute to discussions that lead to the design of simple, scalable and reliable systems. 

Advocate for prioritizing mobile apps in feature design and development at Expedia Group. 

Help our teams work efficiently and collaboratively to create high-performance, compact, intuitive and easy-to-maintain applications. 
 

Your profile:


Many potential candidates hesitate to apply for a job if they are not sure they meet all of the criteria outlined. If you meet all of the criteria labeled “  Must Have  ” and are interested in this position, we encourage you to apply! 


Essential: Commit to participating in the program for its entire duration, according to the dates below: From May 20, 2025 to August 22, 2025 (possibility of extending by one week).

Essential: be bilingual (French and English) .

Required: Complete an undergraduate or master's degree in a technical field ( e.g., computer science, information technology ) between December 2025 and July 2026.

Essential: agree to move to the city of the workplace if the commute is too long.

Essential: Commit to working full time every week.

Essential: obtain a degree from a university located in the same country as the internship location.

Essential: have a maximum of 2 years of professional experience in a similar position.

It is useful to know the basic concepts of automated testing. 

It is helpful to have knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and iOS or Android development. 

It is helpful to have effective communication skills and an ability to build relationships with a variety of partners (e.g., people internally, externally, in technical and non-technical positions).  


What we offer:


Successful candidates will receive a competitive compensation package including the following benefits, among others:


The total salary range for this position in Montreal is between $33 and $40 CAD. Compensation for this role will vary based on multiple factors including location and degree level.  Hybrid Work Policy

Travel Discounts

Opportunity to receive a full-time permanent offer upon graduation and 12 months of personalized support from our Emerging Talent & Careers team

Community support through Expedia Group Inclusion Groups

Rehousing assistance (if eligible)

Next steps:


Apply now! Our dedicated Early Career and Talent team will review your application. Successful candidates will be encouraged to complete an immersive online strengths-based assessment as a first step. Depending on the profile of the role they are applying for, selected candidates may also be asked to complete a competency-based assessment.


Candidates who are invited to a final interview will have the opportunity to meet our team members during two virtual interviews covering both technical and behavioral skills related to the position. These interviews will also be an opportunity for you to learn more about us!


Our commitments:

Expedia Group Global Reach Report 2023

At Expedia Group, we have made commitments that we hope will propel us forward. We have adopted a goal to hire women to make up 50% of all roles at all levels by the end of 2025.



Accommodation requests

If you need assistance with any part of the application or recruiting process due to a disability, or other physical or mental health conditions, please reach out to our Recruiting Accommodations Team through the Accommodation Request .

We are proud to be named as a Best Place to Work on Glassdoor in 2024 and be recognized for award-winning culture by organizations like Forbes, TIME, Disability:IN, and others.

Expedia Group's family of brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Vrbo®, trivago®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Hotwire®, Wotif®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Expedia Group™ Media Solutions, Expedia Local Expert®, CarRentals.com™, and Expedia Cruises™. © 2024 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved. Trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners. CST: 2029030-50

Employment opportunities and job offers at Expedia Group will always come from Expedia Group's Talent Acquisition and hiring teams. Never provide sensitive, personal information to someone unless you're confident who the recipient is. Expedia Group does not extend job offers via email or any other messaging tools to individuals with whom we have not made prior contact. Our email domain is @expediagroup.com. The official website to find and apply for job openings at Expedia Group is careers.expediagroup.com/jobs .

Expedia is committed to creating an inclusive work environment with a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. This employer participates in E-Verify. The employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization.