About the Team
DoorDash is building the world’s most reliable on-demand logistics engine for delivery! We’re looking for experienced engineers to join our fast-growing engineering team to help us develop a 24x7 global infrastructure system that powers DoorDash’s three-sided marketplace of consumers, merchants, and dashers.

About the Role
At DoorDash, our product engineers implement and operate technological solutions to improve the experiences of our merchants, dashers, and consumers. From creating beautiful, user-friendly flows to crafting scalable backend architectures, we strive to deliver reliant, performant technology that delights our customers. 

We believe interns are essential to our mission of attracting and retaining top talent. During our 12-week Software Engineer internship, interns are completely immersed in their teams and will have the opportunity to develop, maintain, and ship products. As an intern, you will directly impact our business by collaborating with your team to solve real problems for our customers.

The 2025 internship program will be hosted in onsite at the Doordash office in Toronto, ON

You’re excited about this opportunity because you will…
Develop, maintain and ship technical elements with the support of your mentor, manager, and team members
Act on feedback, coaching, and mentorship from your mentor and team members
Actively learn about the elements to which you contribute
Make a direct impact on our business by collaborating with your team to solve problems for our customers
Participate in intern programming - AMAs, game nights, cooking classes, etc
Present your summer learnings during Demo Day at the end of the internship
Here are some examples of past intern projects:
Collection of Summer 2022 Intern Projects
Summer 2022 Intern Projects Cont.
We’re excited about you because…
You are currently enrolled at a Canadian university pursuing a B.S. or M.S. Degree in Computer Science or equivalent, have no more than 2 years of full-time work experience, and are graduating between Fall 2025 to Summer 2026.
You are available for a May or June 2025 start date. (Internships are hosted in Summer only)
You have experience working with databases (e.g., AWS, SQL, etc.) 
You have a solid understanding of algorithms and data structures.
You have proficient experience working with at least 1 object-oriented programming language (e.g., Python, Java, Kotlin, etc.)
You have experience writing clean code, working with version control, and doing unit testing.
You are excited about a hybrid summer work experience.
Preferred but not required 
At least 1 previous Software Engineering internship or equivalent relevant experience
Ability to improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of various systems
Excited to develop, release and run large-scale web applications
Experience with solutions for systems monitoring, live deployments, and continuous integration
Experience with real-time technology problems
Experience working with service-oriented architecture, writing APIs, and designing systems.
Participation in project or research-based technical work, hackathons, technical conferences/organization, on-campus student organization leadership, technical teaching assistant roles, relevant extracurricular activities, or other technical experience.
 


Notice to Applicants for Jobs Located in NYC or Remote Jobs Associated With Office in NYC Only

We use Covey as part of our hiring and/or promotional process for jobs in NYC and certain features may qualify it as an AEDT in NYC. As part of the hiring and/or promotion process, we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using Covey Scout for Inbound from August 21, 2023, through December 21, 2023, and resumed using Covey Scout for Inbound again on June 29, 2024.

The Covey tool has been reviewed by an independent auditor. Results of the audit may be viewed here: Covey

Compensation
The internship is 12 weeks long. The intern’s starting pay will fall within the weekly pay range listed below and is determined based on job-related factors including education, work location, and market conditions. 

Ranges are market-dependent and may be modified in the future. In addition to base pay, interns are eligible for both a housing stipend and relocation stipend. DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being. That’s why we offer our interns a wellness reimbursement benefit, access to an employee assistance program, in-office lunch credits and more!

Weekly Base Pay:
$1,880—$1,880 CAD
About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. 

DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. We're committed to supporting employees’ happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.

Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
We’re committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. That’s why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 

If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.