Global Technology Solutions (GTS) at ResMed is a division dedicated to creating innovative, scalable, and secure platforms and services for patients, providers, and people across ResMed. The primary goal of GTS is to accelerate well-being and growth by transforming the core, enabling patient, people, and partner outcomes, and building future-ready operations.

The strategy of GTS focuses on aligning goals and promoting collaboration across all organizational areas. This includes fostering shared ownership, developing flexible platforms that can easily scale to meet global demands, and implementing global standards for key processes to ensure efficiency and consistency.

As an intern at ResMed, you’ll gain hands-on experience, learn from experts, and collaborate with teams that do truly amazing things.

Over the course of our 12-week internship experience you will have the opportunity to: 

Work directly with a mentor in your field of study while finding solutions to real world problems
Experience our products up close by working with one of our GTS Developer Experience (DevX) teams
Interact directly with our company leaders
Build a lasting professional network through social events and engaging activities
Gain the skills and knowledge to become a future leader in the medical technology industry  
Let's Talk About Responsibilities:

As an Associate Platform Engineering Intern, you will work directly with talented individuals of all levels.  With guidance from a departmental leader you will work on work on solutions for the Foundational services platform.

The right candidate for our internship will be expected to know commonly used concepts, practices, and procedures within the Software Development process and rely on mentorship, instructions, and pre-established guidelines to perform the job's functions.  

This is preferred to be a hybrid role located at our ResMed headquarters in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. Candidates will be asked to be available to participate in [on-site/remote] team meetings.

Employer will not sponsor applicants for employment visa status.

Basic Qualifications (Required Skill/Experience):

Ability to work full-time for 12 weeks during Summer 2025; program dates are May 19, 2025 – August 8, 2025 OR June 16, 2025 – September 5, 2025
Pursuing a bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, or related field
Strong knowledge of computer science fundamentals and at least one programming language such as Java, JavaScript, Python, Go, Typescript, etc.
General knowledge of cloud computing concepts.
Understanding of test practices regardless of language or tools.
Basic knowledge of source control, pull requests and automated quality gates using tools like GitHub.
Passion for learning and problem-solving.
Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience):

Pursuing a Master’s degree
Basic experience with any public cloud like AWS, GCP etc.
General knowledge of containerization concepts like docker, Kubernetes etc, plus infrastructure-as-code tools (e.g., Terraform, CDK) and APIs
Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Strong experiences as demonstrated through projects, research or Software internships
Great interpersonal relations, team cooperation and communication skills.
​

Pay Range:

Please note that the salary information shown below is a general guideline only. Salaries are based upon candidate experience and qualifications, as well as market and business considerations.

We are shaping the future at ResMed, and we recognize the need to build on and broaden our existing skills and continue to attract and retain the world’s best talent. All Interns will be hired through our staffing provider partner and will not be a direct employee of ResMed, your Recruiter will provide more details.

Individual pay decisions will be made by our staffing provider partner and are based on a variety of factors, such as the candidate’s geographic work location, relevant qualifications, work experience, and skills.

Base Pay Range for this position:
CAD 23.00 - CAD 37.80 per hour.

Equal Opportunity Employer

ResMed is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

 

#TECHintern

Joining us is more than saying “yes” to making the world a healthier place. It’s discovering a career that’s challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now! We commit to respond to every applicant.