IMAX is not your everyday entertainment experience. With over 50 years of history as a global innovator in entertainment technology, our employees and their careers have constantly gone beyond the ordinary at IMAX. We combine proprietary technology with industry-leading knowledge and relationships with top studios and filmmakers to create theatrical experiences that take audiences beyond the edge of their seats to a world they never imagined. IMAX has revolutionized the way people experience movies and continues to push the boundaries of entertainment experiences beyond blockbusters and into exciting new directions. 

Come explore IMAX – where innovation, creativity and passion come together. Get inspired, get involved, and ignite your future with IMAX!

Job Description:

About the Role 

We are looking for ambitious movie-obsessed students to join our IMAX Internship Program this Summer! This 10-week program will focus on hands-on learning, skill development, and real-world work experience in a collaborative and innovative environment. This program will take place June-August in our Sheridan Park, Mississauga, Canada office!  

 

We are looking for someone who is passionate about movies and wants to make an impact at IMAX and learn from some of the best engineers/designers in the country.  Does this sound like you?  We work with everything from high power lasers to optics to electronics and software systems to deliver some of the most memorable experiences to moviegoers around the world.  Currently we are seeking some bright minds that are hungry to learn on their feet and contribute to some amazing technology projects happening at IMAX. 

 

What You’ll Do:  

Work closely within a team of designers/engineers/developers on performing design tasks/experiments related to current and future IMAX products 

Learn about cinema grade projection systems and how a broad range of engineering disciplines mesh together to produce the final product  

Analysis of field data from IMAX’s projectors to determine correlations between system performance and log data 

Depending on the individual and background, opportunities to focus on electrical, optical, mechanical and software disciplines are available 

 

 

What You’ll Need: 

Pursuing a bachelors degree in an applied science or engineering discipline  

A keen mind and a strong desire to learn at a fast pace and work diligently on assigned tasks 

Background with commonly used software development environments 

 

Nice to Have: 

Previous experience with cinema systems or similarly complex engineering projects 

Previous internship/co-op experience 

Proficient written and verbal communication skills 

Passion for IMAX and watching movies! 

At IMAX, you will be part of a culture built on respect – we are committed to creating a welcoming and diverse atmosphere across our organization.

For consideration, please apply online. We thank all applicants for their interest in IMAX but only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

IMAX will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, or arrest or conviction records, in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Change Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers, and the California Fair Chance Act, where applicable. 