DESCRIPTION

We are looking for a Software engineer to join our team in Fort McMurray, AB.

This position is a 12-week apprenticeship where you will utilize your skills to support our mining team.

You will make an impact in the following ways :

Align current data collection methods into a live working program for many teams to be exposed to.

Complete required documentation.

Ensure adherence to all relevant Health Safety & Environmental policies, procedures and legislation and reports any issues / incidents to site management and to their supervisor.

RESPONSIBILITIES

In order to be successful in this role you will need the following:

Education, Licenses, Certifications:

3rd year or higher student attending an Alberta school in an engineering program
Experience:

Fluency in English (native or bilingual level)

Detail-oriented

Excellent writing and grammar skills

Great communications skills

Software creation and or data compiling skills

About the role:

We are aiming a start date: between April 1- April 14

This is a daytime position on Monday-Friday 8am to 4pm or Monday-Thursday 8am to 6pm.

Compensation and Benefits

Base salary rate commensurate with experience. Additional benefits vary between locations and include options such as our Company Pension Plan, Medical/Dental/Life Insurance, Health Savings Account, and a full complement of personal and professional benefits.

At Cummins, we are committed to the principles of diversity and employment equity under the Employment Equity Act, and we strive to ensure that our workforce reflects the diverse nature of Canadian society.

Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, gender, color, disability, national origin, age, religion, union affiliation, sexual orientation, veteran status, citizenship, gender identity and/or expression, or other status protected by law.

The successful candidate will be subject to our Pre-Employment Background Screening process that consists of a Criminal Background Check.