About the job
R&D Co-Op - Jr Developer

Starting in the Winter 2025 Term (January)

Solink is a different kind of data analytics software company. We've successfully made video security a source of powerful insight for business owners of franchise and retail chains. We focus on security applications that combat fraud proactively and make it easier for owners to track down problems. Today we focus on loss prevention and in the future, we see every department using video to make data-driven decisions: marketing, operations, and even HR.

A job at Solink means working with an amazing team and tackling one of the biggest data problems out there. We are venture-backed and focus on continuous execution to delight our customers. We have a creative and collaborative work environment, and all of our employees have meaningful equity in the company.

A Bit About The Role…

We are seeking motivated Junior Developer Interns to join our R&D team. In this role, you’ll gain hands-on experience in full-stack development, working on both front-end and back-end components of Solink’s applications. You’ll work closely with experienced developers, gaining insights into the development lifecycle and contributing to impactful projects in a fast-paced environment.

Who You Are

You are currently enrolled in a Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field, seeking a co-op opportunity. 
You have proficiency in TypeScript or similar languages (TypeScript preferred)
You have familiarity with at least one front-end framework (e.g., React, Vue). 
You have a basic understanding of back-end languages and frameworks (e.g., Node.js, Express). 
You have knowledge of version control systems like Git. 
You have a strong ability to identify, troubleshoot, and resolve issues independently and as part of a team. 
You have excellent verbal and written communication; you are able to collaborate effectively within a team environment. 
You have creative problem-solving and the ability to think outside the box. 

Nice to haves…

You have familiarity with database technologies (SQL or NoSQL). 
You have exposure to cloud services (AWS, Google Cloud, etc.). 
You have experience with REST APIs. 

SECURITY REQUIREMENTS:

Candidates must undergo a criminal records check upon hire;
Be a Canadian Citizen (dual citizens included), or eligible to work in Canada;
Be willing to comply with Solink’s own security policies and standards. 

WHAT WILL YOU DO?

You are supporting the development of new features, from initial design through to implementation, under the guidance of senior developers. 
You are writing, testing, and debugging code to ensure high-quality software; you are participating in code reviews and helping to maintain coding standards. 
You are collaborating with cross-functional teams, including product managers and UX designers, to translate requirements into technical solutions. 
You are assisting in documenting new features and enhancements to ensure ease of understanding and maintenance. 
You are staying current with emerging technologies, tools, and trends; you are actively seeking feedback and opportunities for improvement. 

WHAT IS SOLINK?

Solink is transforming conventional data into ‘smart’ data. Solink connects and synchronizes brick-and-mortar business systems like video + Point of Sale data, to create insight into loss prevention, security, and operations issues. We find new and powerful ways for businesses to get real value from the data and footage created daily by their standard systems.

We’re one of Ottawa’s fastest-growing companies. We're not just a tech and security company - we are rapidly evolving the way that we use and think about video security, data analytics, and technology. We're enhancing the status quo to positively impact clients and customers' businesses.

We’re on a steep growth trajectory, which means lots to do, lots to learn, and lots to experience! What an exciting adventure ahead - and our Solinkians make the greatest travel companions…

Solink thrives because of our team; we know that in our business and in our daily work, people make all the difference. We’re looking for people who are driven by curiosity, hungry to innovate, and striving to make an impact.

WHY WORK AT SOLINK? 

Working with us means you’ll be working for a company that values your input and allows you to bring your ideas to life. We offer a collaborative, creative, supportive work environment with a culture that is undeniably fun…

All that - PLUS we offer…..

Opportunities for growth based on merit, skill, and initiative;
Friendly, welcoming, and team-oriented atmosphere that fosters collaboration;
A creative and innovative environment that mentors supports, motivates, and inspires you to make an impact;
Interesting and exciting assignments ranging in size, type, and complexity;
An “open-door” policy where communication and brainstorming are encouraged;
A really positive and fun environment working with an incredibly ENERGETIC team;
Monthly reimbursement toward a health and wellness program; 
Please note: We operate in a hybrid work model. 

Solink welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. Should you need accommodations, please email peopleops@SolinkCorp.com.

We know that everyone has different experiences and that’s what makes all of us so unique. Solink is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We’re looking at building our team of great people and we know that comes in various forms. We are committed to a diverse and representative workforce, and an open and inclusive work environment and we encourage all candidates with interest to apply. We will provide accommodation on request through all parts of the selection process.

HOW TO APPLY?

Please submit your cover letter and resume addressed to ANAKIN SKYWALKER outlining why you would be the right fit for this position.
