IT Analyst - Student

Mohawk Medbuy Corporation (MMC) is a national, not-for-profit, shared services organization that supports hundreds of health care providers across Canada, as well as child welfare agencies and other public sector organizations. MMC provides value-driven contracting and procurement solutions for medical/surgical supplies, pharmaceutical products, local sourcing, capital (equipment, FF&E and redevelopment) and nutrition solutions. Other services include data analytics, in-hospital support, warehousing/logistics, technology, procure-to-pay, and accounts payable.  

With an emerging focus on sustainability and reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples, MMC is actively supporting the creation of a resilient value chain that incorporates environmental, social, and economic best practices. Based in Burlington, ON, the organization also has offices in Toronto, Thunder Bay, Kingston, Brantford, London and Chatham, and a distribution center in Oakville.  

Position Overview

Are you looking to expand your skillset at an established, growing company? Then MMC is the perfect summer job for you! We are currently looking for individuals that display drive and a passion for learning, to fill our summer student positions. 

Requirements to be considered include -

Enrolled in a related program at a Canadian Designated Learning Institution (College or University)
Must be in good Academic standing 
Be available to work 37.5 hours per week between May to August (Monday - Friday)
Be able to commute to an MMC office at least 3 days per week.
Proficient in use of MS Office, including Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, and Word
Must be legally eligible to work for MMC
Strong organizational skills, attention to detail, and analytical skills, along with solid written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills
Strong project management skills including organization, time management, and follow-up
Specific qualifications vary as related to each individual role
Travel

 

Ability to travel to Mohawk Medbuy offices, if required.
 

As a condition of employment, you are required to submit proof of full COVID-19 vaccination to Human Resources.

 

Mohawk Medbuy is a HOOPP employer offering a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits package and flexible remote work policy.

 

We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. If contacted for an interview, please inform us should any accommodation be required. Mohawk Medbuy is committed to providing accessible employment practices that comply with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA).