General Information
Locations
: Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 
Vancouver
Canada
Role ID 
206685
Worker Type 
Intern - Temporary Employee
Studio/Department 
CTO - Production Infrastructure & Engineering
Flexible Work Arrangement 
Hybrid
Description & Requirements
Electronic Arts creates next-level entertainment experiences that inspire players and fans around the world. Here, everyone is part of the story. Part of a community that connects across the globe. A place where creativity thrives, new perspectives are invited, and ideas matter. A team where everyone makes play happen.
Production Infrastructure & Engineering (PI&E) organization provides the essential platforms and infrastructure hosting solutions that power EA's live services. Our charter is to make åEA's games and services available to all players anytime and anywhere. To do this, we focus on the high availability of infrastructure, primary services, and studio services. We aim to help developers to experiment and build new games quickly with infrastructure services on-demand and workflows that promote rapid development in the cloud. In all of this, we focus on being there for players where and when they want to play.



What a Software Engineer does on PI&E:

As a Software Engineer in big data, you will be responsible for the design and delivery of foundational data services, pipelines, analytics systems, and AI solutions that give visibility into our most important and critical systems - helping gamers to play at scale and having an impact across hundreds of games and millions of gamers. You will report to a Director of Development in PI&E.

We have an amazing facility in Kirkland with beautiful lake side views. However, you will have the ability to work from home and work with a team distributed in different regions.

Collaborate with product, program and project management to ensure clarity and understanding of features and priorities.

Expand designs into engineering execution plans and engineering tasks.

Develop code meeting peer-reviewed coding standards and practices, using team-selected tools.

Build and maintain pipelines and ingest operational data and metrics from across EA's infrastructure.

Mapping existing data sources with physical and logical architectures need to provide service hosting details and infrastructure insights.

Design, build, and maintain high-scale data lakes/warehouses.

Work with, and contribute to, the open-source software community as it intersects with our work.

We are EA

And we make games - How cool is that? In fact, we entertain millions of people across the globe with the most amazing and immersive interactive software in the industry. But making games is hard work. That's why we employ the most creative and passionate people in the industry. Save the planet from Alien Invaders. Score the winning touchdown.

Yup - It's the coolest job on the planet!


BC COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS

The base salary ranges listed below are for the defined geographic market pay zones in these states. If you reside outside of these locations, a recruiter will advise on the base salary range and benefits for your specific location.
 
EA has listed the pay ranges it in good faith expects to pay applicants for this role in the locations listed, as of the time of this posting. Salary offered will be determined based on numerous  relevant business and candidate factors including, for example, degree type (e.g. Bachelor’s, Master’s, PhD), what stage you are in your degree journey (i.e. freshman, sophomore, etc.), qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, geographic location, and business or organizational needs.

BASE SALARY RANGES

    • British Columbia (depending on location e.g. Vancouver vs. Victoria):
      º 65,000 - $70,000 CAN Salary
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
The pay is just one part of the overall compensation at EA.  We also offer a package of benefits including 80 hours per year of sick time (prorated based on scheduled hours per week if less than full-time), 16 paid company holidays per year, medical insurance, and 401(k).  
COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS 

The base salary ranges listed below are for the defined geographic market pay zones in these states. If you reside outside of these locations, a recruiter will advise on the base salary range and benefits for your specific location. EA has listed the hourly pay ranges it in good faith expects to pay applicants for this role in the locations listed, as of the time of this posting. Salary offered will be determined based on numerous relevant business and candidate factors including, for example, degree type (e.g. Bachelor’s, Master’s, PhD), what stage you are in your degree journey (i.e. freshman, sophomore, etc.), qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, geographic location, and business or organizational needs. 

PAY RANGES

British Columbia (depending on location e.g. Vancouver vs. Victoria)
$65,000 - $70,000 CAD
The hourly pay is just one part of the overall compensation at EA. We also offer a package of benefits including 80 hours per year of sick time (prorated based on scheduled hours per week if less than full-time), 16 paid company holidays per year, medical insurance, and 401(k). Interns in California are also eligible for Voluntary Disability Insurance.



About Electronic Arts
We’re proud to have an extensive portfolio of games and experiences, locations around the world, and opportunities across EA. We value adaptability, resilience, creativity, and curiosity. From leadership that brings out your potential, to creating space for learning and experimenting, we empower you to do great work and pursue opportunities for growth.

We take a holistic approach with our benefits program, focusing on physical, emotional, financial, career, and community wellness to support a balanced life with paid time off and new parent leave, plus free games and so much more. We nurture environments where our teams can always bring their best to what they do.

Electronic Arts is an equal opportunity employer. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, genetic information, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, family status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will also consider employment qualified applicants with criminal records in accordance with applicable law. EA also makes workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law.