Co-op Student – Technology Specialist (Developer)
Ontario, Canada Req #2666
 Wednesday, February 19, 2025
At Equitable, we realize that your work life is not just about performing a job; it's about being part of a workplace that helps you grow and reach your full potential. Within our friendly and collaborative work environment, we recognize that the key to our growth and success is a dedicated, motivated and client-responsive staff. Join Equitable today.
Position Title: Co-op Student – Technology Specialist (Developer)
Reports To: Lead Technology Manager, Enterprise Platforms
Department: IT Investment Technology  
Start Date: May 5, 2025
Work Term: We are looking for a student to stay with us for 4, 8, or 12 months. Students looking for 8- or 12-month terms will receive preference. 

 

Work Arrangements:  This is a hybrid role. You will work in our office in Waterloo, ON a minimum of two (2) assigned, consecutive days every other week, plus a fifth (5th) assigned day per month. You are welcome to work from the office more than the minimum requirement and there may be some roles that are required to work in our office more than the minimum requirement.

 

The Opportunity: We're looking for a Developer to join our team at Equitable! If you've got a knack for process improvement and a desire to work with application development and automation, then this is an opportunity you don't want to miss!

Come join our award-winning organization and take advantage of this great learning opportunity! In this role you'll work alongside experienced professionals who will help mentor you as an upcoming professional. This is a great opportunity for you to make your mark with one of Waterloo Area and Southwestern Ontario's Top Employers!

 

What you will be doing:

You'll use your technical skills to develop applications to improve the analytics related to securities, the communication of data and general investment needs
You'll use your creativity to contribute to existing automation infrastructure by adding new functionality
Help support the smooth functioning of existing processes and applications
Work to expand the data warehouse with new feeds and reporting enhancements
You'll monitor trends and enhancements within Python open-source community
Help us scale in Azure Cloud, utilizing best practices in development, deployment, and monitoring
 

What you will bring:

Candidates must be currently enrolled in a post-secondary program that includes a Co-operative (Co-op) work component
Very strong programming capabilities, specifically in Python
Low level language knowledge and experience is nice to have, preferably in C# or C++
SQL query knowledge and an understanding of database structures
An active interest in and an aptitude for investments
Strong analytical abilities
 

What’s in it for you:


A healthy work-life balance with employee wellness top of mind
We value open, honest communication between team members, challenging each other to continually improve
Employee resource groups that support an inclusive work environment
An onsite full-service cafeteria with a variety of daily options
Regular EQ Together events focused on company togetherness and collaboration
Compensation package includes:
In Lieu of Benefits – 4% added to each bi-weekly pay
In Lieu of Vacation – 4% added to each bi-weekly pay
Employer provided equipment
Opportunity to participate in our buddy program dedicated to Co-op students 
 

As part of the recruitment/offer process you will be required to:

Undergo a criminal background check
This role is open due to an existing vacancy.

To learn more about Equitable, we encourage you to explore our organization.

At Equitable, we are committed to providing equal access to employment opportunities across our organization. Please contact our HR team at careers@equitable.ca if you would like to receive our job postings in an alternative format or require an accommodation with the application process.