About the job
Join us in making an impact on tackling one of the biggest issues of our time: climate change!



 About PUMA Inc.



PUMA Utility Monitoring helps organizations of all sizes track, manage, and reduce their energy and utility consumption, costs, and emissions. Our platform delivers actionable insights, enabling organizations to optimize energy usage, lower costs, and drive sustainability.



With over 1,200 sites across Canada relying on PUMA and backed by more than 30 years of energy management expertise from Prism Engineering, we are at the forefront of driving energy efficiency and sustainability.



We are looking for a motivated and detail-oriented Full Stack Developer Intern to join our team over the summer, with the possibility of an extension, and help us build technology that makes a real impact. If you're eager to learn, contribute to meaningful projects, and develop your skills in a fast-paced environment, we’d love to hear from you!



The Role



As a Full Stack Developer intern, you will work closely with our tech lead and contribute to developing and maintaining our web applications. This is a fantastic opportunity to gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies in a professional setting.



Key Responsibilities:  



Collaborate with senior developers and the tech lead to implement software solutions.
Develop and maintain web applications using .NET and SQL Server.
Work with MVC architecture to enhance platform functionality.
Investigate, replicate, and document bugs to support troubleshooting.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product managers and engineers.
Investigate and understand existing features and create adequate documentation for future use, with the goal of creating a source of truth and documenting all aspects of the software.
Work with ticketing systems such as Asana and JIRA, as well as agile workflows.


What You’ll Gain: 



Hands-on experience in .NET full-stack development.
Exposure to cloud technologies (Azure, Azure SQL Database, Azure Functions).
Insights into energy management software and sustainability tech.
Mentorship from experienced software developers in a collaborative and innovative environment
A chance to work on projects that contribute to real-world sustainability and climate mitigation efforts.
Opportunity to work with a multidisciplinary team including software developers, product managers, data analysts, engineers, and sustainability professionals.
Work at a local company built on over 35 years of energy management expertise.
Potential for future career opportunities within the company, networking, and professional development within the company.


What We’re Looking For

 



Minimum Qualifications:

Currently pursuing a degree or diploma in Computer Science/Computer Engineering/Electrical Engineering or other related field.
Basic understanding of .NET framework, SQL Server, and database concepts.
Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to debug and replicate issues.
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work in a team environment.
Eagerness to learn new technologies and contribute proactively.


Preferred Qualifications (nice to have):

Experience with web development projects (academic or personal projects are acceptable).
Familiarity with version control systems like Git.
Basic understanding of cloud technologies such as Azure Functions and Azure SQL Database.
Exposure to SQL query optimization and performance tuning.
Basic knowledge of MVC architecture and its application in web development.


This is a 40-hour-per-week position in a hybrid environment. The hourly rate is $26/hr + 4% vacation pay.



Sounds like a good fit?



Please send your resume and cover letter detailing your experience and interest on or before March 2, 2025.



We thank all applicants for their interest.