Aviva is pleased to announce that we are currently recruiting for students for our summer internship Program for the period of May 2025 until August 2025. This is an excellent opportunity for post-secondary students to gain exposure to the insurance industry. We are happy to share that we are looking for passionate, innovative, driven students to join our IT team!

We are currently looking for students in the following areas;

IT/Enterprise Data Services (EDS) – Location: Markham Office
 Infrastructure – Location: Any GTA Office
Software Engineering – Location: Toronto
IT Operations & Strategic Initiatives – Location: Toronto
IT Risk & Control– Location: Toronto

Aviva Canada has adopted a hybrid return-to-office model. This role will require you to work in the office listed.

Please apply to this general posting and submit a cover letter OR add to your resumes which team you would be most interested in! If you have already applied to a posting, please withdraw your application as we ask that you limit your application to one role based on your interests. Carefully review which specific opportunities are available and the description of the roles below before submitting your application, as openings vary by office.

We make a positive difference every single day offering protection and peace of mind.

Aviva Canada Inc. is one of Canada’s largest insurance groups and we have a lot to offer to talented people just entering the working world.

If you’re ready for a head start, we’d like to meet you.

What You’ll Do

IT/Enterprise Data Services (EDS) – Location: Markham Office
Build and operationalize large scale enterprise data solutions in Snowflake, Python and DBT.
Develop ETL Pipeline to ingest data into cloud from different data sources (Files, Relational Sources, Hadoop Etc.)
Work will also encompass crafting & developing data acquisition/ingestion of multifaceted data sets (internal/external), data integrations & data warehouse/marts.
You are collaborative with business partners, product owners, partners, functional specialists, business analysts, IT architecture, and developers to develop solution adhering to architecture standards.
Ensuring that solutions adhere to enterprise data governance & design standards.
Advocate importance of data catalogs, data governance and data quality practices.
Work in an Agile delivery framework to evolve data models and solution designs to deliver value incrementally.
You are a self-starter with motivation working in a fast-paced agile development environment.
Outcome focused with strong decision making and critical thinking skills to challenge the status quo which impacts delivery pace and performance and striving for efficiencies.
 Infrastructure – Location: Any GTA Office
Assist in the deployment and management of cloud-based applications and services.
Support the maintenance and monitoring of cloud infrastructure.
Collaborate with team members to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues.
Document processes and procedures for cloud operations.
Software Engineering – Location: Toronto
Assist in developing, testing, and maintaining software applications.
Collaborate with senior engineers on various projects.
Participate in code reviews and contribute to team meetings.
Troubleshoot and debug software issues.
IT Operations & Strategic Initiatives – Location: Toronto
Support the reporting and management of IT initiatives, tracking of project progress, and ensuring the timely completion of tasks.
Assist with the coordination of internal communications within the IT department, ensuring smooth workflow and project alignment.
Help identify training needs within the IT team and assist in the collation of materials for Senior Leadership Team (SLT) meetings.
Conduct research and assist with small-scale IT initiatives, ensuring high-quality outcomes.
Provide administrative support as needed to contribute to the successful execution of the annual IT strategic plan.
Assist with IT governance activities such as facilitating meetings and the tracking of actions through all phases, from initiation to completion.
IT Risk & Control– Location: Toronto
Assist in conducting IT risk assessments.
Support the development and implementation of IT controls.
Monitor and report on IT risk and control metrics.
Collaborate with IT and business teams to ensure compliance with policies.
What You Need To Succeed

IT/Enterprise Data Services (EDS) – Location: Markham Office
Currently enrolled in a post-secondary program and actively pursuing a bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering or Computer Science.
Strong academic knowledge in software engineering, programming and OLTP/OLAP principles.
Solid understanding with data technologies & tools (Snowflake, Python, DBT, Hadoop, Oracle, PostgreSQL, Informatica)
knowledge of ETL and database development.
Familiar with the Agile software development.
 Infrastructure – Location: Any GTA Office
Currently enrolled in a post-secondary program and actively pursuing a bachelor’s degree Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field.
Basic understanding of cloud platforms.
Familiarity with scripting languages.
Software Engineering – Location: Toronto
Currently enrolled in a post-secondary program and actively pursuing a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field.
Basic knowledge of programming languages such as Java, Python, or C++.
IT Operations & Strategic Initiatives – Location: Toronto
Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint; knowledge of IT tools or project management software is an asset.
Ability to manage multiple deliverables in a fast-paced and evolving organization.
Attention to detail and strong problem-solving skills in relation to data analysis and reporting.
Strong presentations skills with the ability to create slides that effectively communicate key messages.
IT Risk & Control– Location: Toronto
Currently enrolled in a post-secondary program and actively pursuing a bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Cybersecurity, or a related field.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Basic understanding of IT risk management principles.
We’re Excited About You Because

You're passionate and thoughtful when it comes to offering an amazing customer experience
You aren't afraid to work in a dynamic environment and learn new processes
Organization is your strength and you love staying on top of projects
You get creative when it comes to problem solving
You’ll collaborative with teammates, have strong communication skills, and build relationships easily

Please submit your applications to us by February 14, 2025.

**We thank you for your interest in applying for this position, however only suitable candidates will be contacted for interviews.**

Additional Information

Aviva Canada is committed to providing accommodations for people with disabilities during all phases of the hiring process including the application process. If you require an accommodation because of a disability, we will work with you to meet your needs. Applicants need to make their needs known in advance. If you are selected for an interview and require an accommodation, you are encouraged to advise the Talent Acquisition Partner who will consult with you to determine an appropriate accommodation.