Health Informatics Intern
Altera, a member of the N. Harris Computer Corporation family, delivers health IT solutions that support caregivers around the world. These include the Sunrise™, Paragon®, Altera TouchWorks®, Altera Opal, STAR™, HealthQuest™ and dbMotion™ solutions. At the intersection of technology and the human experience, Altera Digital Health is driving a new era of healthcare, in which innovation and expertise can elevate care delivery and inspire healthier communities across the globe. A new age in healthcare technology has just begun.

HEALTH INFORMATICS INTERN

Remote Canadian Role  ideally in located in Alberta, Saskatchewan or Manitoba

 

Altera Digital Health is seeking a passionate and qualified Health Informatics Intern to join our dynamic team!

We are a leading healthcare technology company committed to revolutionizing the industry through innovative solutions and exceptional client service. Our team of experts is dedicated to driving positive patient outcomes and setting a new standard for healthcare technology.

ABOUT THE INTERNSHIP

This is a remote internship opportunity in Canada. As a Health Informatics Intern, you will play a vital role in supporting our projects and gaining valuable experience in a fast-paced and growing healthcare technology company. This is a 3-4 month internship with the potential for extension.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather and analyze project requirements and assist in project execution.
Analyze and document clinical and referral workflows and participate in the design and validation of clinical order sets.
Contribute to the development of new clinical dashboards and reports that deliver value to clinical users.
Rapidly learn and contribute to process improvement initiatives aimed at improving clinician experience and population health outcomes.
Provide support for project incidents and maintain excellent client relationships.
Expand your knowledge and skills through hands-on experience in a dynamic and collaborative work environment.
QUALIFICATIONS

Education

Currently enrolled in a Canadian health informatics, computer science, software engineering or data science master’s program with an internship track. Applicants with a postgraduate certificate in health informatics may also be considered.

Experience

Passionate about healthcare and interested in advancing healthcare technology.
Technical proficiency in MS Office, MS Visio, and data visualization & reporting tools (Power BI & SQL query is required).
Familiarity with Health Interoperability Standards (HL7, FHIR, SNOMED, ICD, etc.) preferred.
Coding knowledge (XML, JSON, Python, SQL) preferred.
Strong critical thinking, analytical, and problem-solving skills.
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.
Self-starter with the ability to work with minimal supervision and a willingness to learn quickly on the job.
TRAVEL

Minimal

WORK LOCATION

Remote Canadian role. 

BENEFITS

Competitive hourly rate
Opportunity to gain valuable experience in a leading healthcare technology company.
Work in a dynamic and collaborative remote work environment.


 

 

Our company complies with all local/state regulations in regard to displaying salary ranges. If required, the salary range(s) are displayed below and are specifically for those potential hires who will perform work in or reside in the location(s) listed, if selected for the role. Any offered salary is determined based on internal equity, internal salary ranges, market data, ranges, applicant's skills and prior relevant experience, certain degrees and certifications (e.g. JD, technology), for example.