About the job
Software Engineer Intern

Location: Toronto, Ontario

Duration: Approximately 3 months starting June 2025

Compensation: $6,000/mo CAD

Instructions: Email emmett@virio.ai your resume and a description of the most impressive thing you've ever built (links appreciated). Format the subject line as "[Backend] Name (1-3 keywords about the most impressive thing you've built)" e.g. "[Backend] Emmett Chen-Ran (sales automation tool)"



Virio is building the next-generation B2B GTM stack. If you’re not sure what that means, that’s ok. All you need to know is that we went from 0 to $500k ARR in 90 days while in stealth and are assembling a team of all-stars. We are now gearing up to break records and go from $1M - $100M in less than a year. 



As an Engineering Intern, you’ll be working directly with the CTO to design, build, and scale mission-critical backend systems that power AI-driven interfaces for content creation, context management, and workplace observability.



Qualities we’re looking for:

Excellence. You have been best-in-class at something.
Ambition. Your goal is to be the best in the world at what you do, and you won’t settle for anything less.
Unorthodox. You see things that other people don’t and use those insights to do things better, faster, smarter. 
Dedication. You get excited by the idea of working 6-7 days a week alongside teammates who feel the same way.
EQ. You can “read the room” and are adept at interpersonal communication.
Agency. You believe you are capable of learning and doing almost anything.
In-person. This team will be working in-person in the US and Canada.


We are particularly excited by people who:

Live in the backend. You think in systems and are obsessed with architecting performant, scalable backend services.
Experiment with AI productivity. You’re an expert at “vibe coding” and enjoy trying out the latest IDE to augment your productivity.
Are intimately familiar with distributed systems and databases. You’ve lost sleep over CAP theorem debates and can explain the difference between eventual and strong consistency without Googling.
Have side projects or independent experiments using AI that you’re extremely proud of. 


One of the great operators of our time once said, “Give them to me young, hungry, and stupid—and in no time I will make them rich.” 



This is your big break. We’re waiting for you.