Company Overview: Content Bloom performs specialized IT consulting services in Web development; specifically, enterprise-level content management system consulting, implementation, application integration and development. We provide successful digital experiences through a combination of technical proficiency, strategic vision, and a commitment to passionate work. Details of our organization can be found at: www.contentbloom.com

 

We are seeking a student for the 2025 Summer Term, to be based in our Halifax area (Bedford) location, as follows:

 

Job Title: Junior Technical Consultant

Location: 486 Starboard Drive, Bedford, NS B3M 0N6

Term: May 05th, 2025 – August 25th, 2025 / 40 hours per week

Program of Study: Computer Science / Information Systems / Software Engineering

Education Level: Three years or more of undergraduate study

 

Requirements:

Basic understanding of the web stack.
A solid grounding in object-oriented programming.
Experience leveraging the model-view-controller pattern.
Strong written & verbal skills.
Ability to work well within a team/group environment.
Experience with WordPress or other CMS is an asset.
Be enrolled in the Co-op program with your institution.


Purpose of Role, Duties & Key Tasks:

Writing, analyzing, and presenting technical and functional documentation.
Investigating and proposing internal tools, processes & software improvements.
Collaborating on technical designs & sales presentations.
Participation in front & back-end web development, enterprise CMS implementation & application development.


Expected Outcome/Achievement:

Introduction to Scrum Agile development.
Experience working in small cross-disciplinary teams.
Introduction to enterprise-level content management systems.
Opportunity to contribute to web-based projects for Fortune 500 clients.
Experience and education in front & back-end web development.
Problem-solving solutions catered to unique challenges while developing transferrable technical skills.
Contribute to client-facing products, presentations, documents, and solutions.


What will get you bonus points:

A sense of humor.
No fear of dogs (semi-mandatory).
Enjoy playing pool or ping pong casually and outdoor activities.
A resume that tells a story - show us don't tell us why you're awesome.
Be a good citizen demonstrating shared leadership.
Enjoy proactively solving problems outside of your core discipline.
An understanding of what being a consultant means.


Please include the following with your application:

Any personal portfolios/showcases of work demonstrating technical ability.
GitHub profile / any other repositories you deem relevant as an indicator of ability.


Note: Please monitor your Promotions and Spam folders for communications from us about your application. We may reach out to you for a quick phone call before scheduling your first interview.



The role is only open to students of:

Dalhousie University
Acadia University
Saint Mary's University
St. Francis Xavier University