Summary

This Internship will be located in Toronto (Mississauga), ON. To be eligible, you must be in the area and able to commute to the office 2 days a week - Tuesday/Thursday.

Want to Work for a Different Type of Software Company? Join the Guidewire team!
At Guidewire, we don’t just hire people who fit in; we want to work with anyone who complements our business, teams, and company culture – by being exactly who they are, 24/7. We strive to create an employee community where everyone is valued, respected, included, and can be their authentic self. If you believe you have what we need, we encourage you to apply!


We pride ourselves on our inclusive and collaborative company culture. As part of our intern program, our talented engineers will train and mentor you as you engage in meaningful work on our industry-leading software products.
 
Who are we and what do we do?
Guidewire is a rapidly growing Cloud based software company that delivers the industry standard platform that Property and Casualty insurers rely upon to stay ahead of the curve in a time of accelerating change.  We provide software, services, and a partner ecosystem that empower our customers to run, differentiate and grow their business.
Job Description

What will I be doing?

We are offering a 16-week (Early May to Late August) summer internship program for software developers in 2025. The program is designed to give students actively pursuing a degree in Computer Science an opportunity to write software and interact with others in a real-world business environment.

You will be part of our Professional Services Team in Toronto (Mississauga), ON, where you will work with a dedicated mentor and other fellow interns on a software project that adds value to our mission here at Guidewire. You will experience what it is like to be a part of an Agile development team. 

Guidewire is an Agile development shop: we do iterative development, break features into stories, work in priority order, encourage pair programming and more. Our focus is to make the highest quality software for our customers and deliver it on-time. We spend a significant amount of time focusing on software development as a craft. If you intern here, you will collaborate with teammates, mentors and stakeholders while learning what it means to be a professional consultant developer.

Intern Requirements

Currently enrolled in a BS or MS program in Computer Science, with an expected graduation date from Spring 2025 to Spring 2026

Programming proficiency in Java, Python & React or other modern OO programming languages.

Algorithms and object-oriented design

Scripting

Web-based applications and technologies 

HTML, Javascript, AJAX, ExtJS

Agile, Test-driven development 

Other types of things that we like to cultivate:

Curiosity based on genuine love of technology  and solving tough technical problems

Accountability based on an earnest desire to do  what is expected without prompting

Kindness and respect for your fellow teammates

About Guidewire

Guidewire is the platform P&C insurers trust to engage, innovate, and grow efficiently. We combine digital, core, analytics, and AI to deliver our platform as a cloud service. More than 540+ insurers in 40 countries, from new ventures to the largest and most complex in the world, run on Guidewire.

As a partner to our customers, we continually evolve to enable their success. We are proud of our unparalleled implementation track record with 1600+ successful projects, supported by the largest R&D team and partner ecosystem in the industry. Our Marketplace provides hundreds of applications that accelerate integration, localization, and innovation.

For more information, please visit www.guidewire.com and follow us on Twitter: @Guidewire_PandC. 

Guidewire Software, Inc. is proud to be an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We are committed to an inclusive workplace, and believe that a diversity of perspectives, abilities, and cultures is a key to our success. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability. All offers are contingent upon passing a criminal history and other background checks where it's applicable to the position.