About the job
Company Description

Information :

4-month internship, with possibility of permanence
Approximate start date: May 5, 2025
Full time 

Pave your career at Techo-Bloc:We are entrepreneurial and innovators at heart who love to roll up our sleeves, jump right in and get things done. We boast 9 cutting-edge manufacturing facilities, 13+ distribution centers, and a dynamic team of over 900 employees located across 20+ locations in North America. We have ambitious growth plans and a restless pursuit of excellence. We live to create, and we invest in great ideas. We take pride in offering a collaborative, inclusive and positive working environment.

Career Growth and Recognition: At Techo-Bloc, we're career builders. Explore advancement opportunities through our well-defined career paths by department. Your success is our shared responsibility, supported by a culture that values your unique contributions.

Performance-Driven Rewards:Experience the direct impact of your efforts with competitive performance-based bonuses. Join a passionate, driven team that collaborates seamlessly to achieve remarkable results.

Financial Stability:We’ve experienced consistent growth, reflecting our strong financial health and continued geographical expansion across North America.

Collaborative Company Culture: Ditch the silos and join us in driving innovation and excellence together. We support and care about each other’s success! Experience a vibrant culture with 5-star ratings from most of our employees. Leave egos at the door as we engage in activities like brainstorming sessions, lively BBQs, and festive parties, fostering a strong sense of community and belonging.

Job Description

Join Techo-Bloc as a Front-End Developer Intern!

Are you ready to gain hands-on web development experience and make your mark on a leading brand? At Techo-Bloc, we're looking for a creative and motivated intern to help us improve our online presence and create innovative digital tools.

What you'll do:

Build a widget library: Create a library of versatile, cutting-edge widgets to enhance the website in the future;
Improve website performance: Optimize techo-bloc.com to make it fast, efficient and user-friendly;
Transform designs into reality: Take wireframes from concept to implementation, while improving the interface and user experience;
Collaborate and lead: Partner with our E-commerce and UX/UI teams as technology advisors to shape the scope of projects and bring ideas to life. 

Qualifications

Degree in computer science, computer programming, web development, software engineering or other related field
Technical skills:
Mastery of HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript
Familiarity with web accessibility
Familiarity with website performance optimization techniques;
Ability to implement interfaces from mock-ups, provide feedback and carry out usability tests. 
Optional: experience creating WordPress websites or other content management systems (CMS). 
Write clean, efficient and maintainable code;
Strong understanding of web best practices and willingness to implement them;
Strong interest in web development trends and willingness to learn new technologies;
Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams, including design and e-commerce teams;
Detail-oriented mindset with excellent problem-solving, quality assurance and debugging skills. 

Additional Information

We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those whose applications are considered will be contacted.

The use of the masculine gender has been adopted for ease of reading and is not intended to be discriminatory.