You Lead the Way. We’ve Got Your Back.

With the right backing, people and businesses have the power to progress in incredible ways. When you join Team Amex, you become part of a global and diverse community of colleagues with an unwavering commitment to back our customers, communities and each other. Here, you’ll learn and grow as we help you create a career journey that’s unique and meaningful to you with benefits, programs, and flexibility that support you personally and professionally.

At American Express, you’ll be recognized for your contributions, leadership, and impact—every colleague has the opportunity to share in the company’s success. Together, we’ll win as a team, striving to uphold our company values and powerful backing promise to provide the world’s best customer experience every day. And we’ll do it with the utmost integrity, and in an environment where everyone is seen, heard and feels like they belong.

Join Team Amex and let's lead the way together.

How will you make an impact in this role?

We are looking for Technology Software Engineer Interns to join our 16-weeks Summer 2025 Internship Program, which will provide you with real, on-the-job work experience whilst allowing you to choose from several potential roles within our scrum teams; giving you the skills and experience to help you accelerate in your studies and future career.

As an American Express Technology Software Engineer Intern, you will work on building global scale software with a host of tools and frameworks. Internship project areas range from machine learning using big data, native mobile applications, backend services, full stack web applications, or UX/UI focused development. You’ll work across our software products, like Spring Cloud and Webflux for reactive Java services, or Node.js driving React web applications and various microservice architectures.

What type of work can you expect?

Identify exciting opportunities for adopting new technologies to solve existing needs and predict future challenges.
Develop applications as part of a scrum team.
Learn technical skills, write code, conduct code reviews, and write unit tests.
Partner with Product Managers, Senior Engineers, and Application Architects on your team to conceptualize, build new products and prioritize features.
Take part in social activities, community service events and projects with other Interns. 
Minimum Qualifications

Currently enrolled in a Bachelor’s degree program in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline.
Target graduation in 2026.
Must be able to work from our office in Toronto, Ontario 3 days a week as this is a hybrid internship. 
Preferred Qualifications

Good understanding of Data structures.
Experience in developing products or projects either in an academic, professional, or personal setting.
Some entry level software development experience, design, or creative experience.
Strong understanding of data structures and algorithms.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to articulate work to team members and partners.
Familiarity in any of the following languages, Java, JavaScript, React, PostgreSQL, Cassandra, C++, C#, Python, Go, or Rust. 
We back our colleagues and their loved ones with benefits and programs that support their holistic well-being. That means we prioritize their physical, financial, and mental health through each stage of life. Benefits include:

Competitive base salaries 
Free access to global on-site wellness centers staffed with nurses and doctors (depending on location) 
Free and confidential counseling support through our Healthy Minds program 
Career development and training opportunities
American Express is committed to providing an inclusive and accessible work environment in which all people who apply for positions or who work for or on behalf of Amex are treated with dignity and respect and are provided with equal treatment with respect to employment, regardless of that person's age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, race, colour, ancestry, ethnic or national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, family status, pregnancy, disability, record of offences, social condition or origin, political beliefs, association or activity or other factors prohibited under applicable Human Rights legislation (the “Prohibited Grounds”).   If you have a disability and need accommodation, please speak with the Recruiter for more information.

Offer of employment with American Express is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background verification check, subject to applicable laws and regulations.