Empowering People – Extraordinary Performance

This 4-month internship Summer 2025 term, starting in May is your opportunity to gain valuable hands-on experience and take the next step in your IT career.

Are you a tech enthusiast looking for an opportunity to embark on a rewarding journey in Information Technology? IAMGOLD is seeking a highly motivated intern to join our IT Support team at our Toronto office. This internship provides an excellent opportunity to learn, grow, and contribute to meaningful IT initiatives.

What you will do:

Provide daily IT support for corporate user requests, progressively handling more complex issues as your knowledge grows.
Administer and create accounts in Exchange, Skype, and Active Directory. Maintain updated records in the Corporate Inventory System for all equipment.
Learn and work with the ITIL ticketing system to record, track, and escalate incidents via phone, email, and in-person support.
Support the Microsoft Collaboration Manager with SharePoint, Teams, and Power Platform solutions (Power Automate and Power Apps). Assist with data analytics using Microsoft Fabric, Power BI, and AI initiatives like Copilot.
Conduct monthly testing of crisis committee equipment, boardroom setups, and mobile systems to ensure functionality.
Diligently document new and existing procedures, maintain an updated knowledge base, and create a comprehensive training manual for future interns.
Work on IT projects, including developing a centralized IT Support Page for the Corporate Office and improving reporting through advanced Excel skills, if applicable.
 
Qualifications
 
What we’re looking for:

·       Passion for Technology: If you enjoy working with computers, dismantling, and assembling hardware, and have a keen interest in technology, this is the opportunity for you!

·       Related Work Experience: While prior experience in office environment supporting users is ideal, we also welcome candidates who have assisted friends and family with system configurations, installations, software and hardware troubleshooting.

·       Education: Currently enrolled in a computer science, information technology, or computer systems program at a university or college.

·       Interpersonal Skills: Excellent communications skills with the ability to interact with everyone in our corporate organization.

·       Organization Skills: Well-organized, excelling both independently and in team settings, possessing strong time-management skills, and the ability to work effectively on multiple deadlines.

·       Nice to have: Knowledge of computer hardware and networking is a plus, if you’re familiar with Office365 and Windows 10 and 11, that would be highly appreciated.

What you’ll gain:

Hands-on exposure to corporate IT systems, ticketing, and inventory management.
Mentorship from experienced technology leaders.
Deepen your understanding of ITIL methodologies, troubleshooting practices, and collaboration tools.
Develop expertise in SharePoint, Teams, Power Platform, data analytics, and AI technologies.
Build a strong foundation for a career in IT by working on real-world projects and gaining mentorship from experienced professionals.
A supportive and inclusive environment that values diversity and encourages learning.
Hands-on experience with impactful IT projects that enhance your professional development.
A chance to build a professional network within the IT and project management communities.
This role is based in Toronto with a flexible hybrid work arrangement, requiring in office attendance on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays.

We understand no candidate meets every qualification listed. If your experience differs but you believe you can add value to the role, we want to hear from you! We are committed to inclusivity and welcome applications from individuals of all abilities. If you need accommodation during the application process, please contact us, and we'll provide the necessary support.

 
Primary Location: Canada
Work Locations: 19 - Toronto Head Office 150 King Street West Suite 2200 Toronto M5H 1J9
Job: Information Technology
Organization: IT - CFO
Job Posting: Feb 18, 2025, 12:28:23 PM