Canada

Get to know Okta

Okta is The World’s Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology—anywhere, on any device or app. Our Workforce and Customer Identity Clouds enable secure yet flexible access, authentication, and automation that transforms how people move through the digital world, putting Identity at the heart of business security and growth. 

At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - we’re looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences. 

Join our team! We’re building a world where Identity belongs to you.

Okta is the leading independent provider of identity for the enterprise. The Okta Identity Cloud enables organizations to securely connect the right people to the right technologies at the right time. With over 7,000 pre-built integrations to applications and infrastructure providers, Okta customers can easily and securely use the best technologies for their business. Over 10,000 organizations, including 20th Century Fox, JetBlue, Nordstrom, Slack, Teach for America and Twilio, trust Okta to help protect the identities of their workforces and customers.

We are looking for University students pursuing a Computer Science or related degree who are interested in a 2025 Summer Internship and that are passionate about building large-scale, mission-critical software in a fast-paced agile environment. The ideal candidate will share our passion and pride in the simple elegance and usability of our solution and will join an engineering team that strongly believes in automated testing, UX design, and an iterative process. 

We are looking for Software Engineer Interns who will be part of a team developing the tools to integrate and build Okta’s enterprise applications and business solutions. In this role you will help to scale our business solutions to the next generation, enabling Okta to be the most efficient, scalable, and best-run company. The vision is to make Okta the system of record and help customers with their journey to the Cloud, continue to automate the journey and lower the barrier of entry to their migration journey.

Our elite team is fast, innovative, and flexible; with a weekly, agile release cycle and individual ownership. We expect great things from our engineers and reward them with stimulating new projects, emerging technologies, and the chance to have a significant impact in a company that is changing the cloud computing landscape forever.

Job Duties and Responsibilities:

Work with engineering management and assigned mentor to scope and plan engineering efforts

Design and implement core, high-performance, scalable software components

Test-driven development, design and code reviews

Interface with QA, Product Management, Technical Support, Documentation and UX team

Minimum Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Interest in software development experience, and testing that supports building highly reliable, mission-critical software

Ability to program in at least one OO programming language (e.g. Java, C#, GO, Node.js, C++, Python) 

Basic understanding of the JavaScript language

Knowledge of web application frameworks, RDBMS & Application Servers (experience in one or more preferred)

Past summer internship experience

Nice to have: 

Experience building solutions using AWS services such as Lambda, EC2, Fargate, CloudWatch, SQS, SNS, and SES a strong plus

Education and Training: B.S. or MS in Computer Science or related field (Dec. 2025 or May/June 2026 Grad)

Okta’s Intern Program

As an intern, you’ll do real work that matters. While you’re on board, you’ll work on meaningful projects and have an opportunity to see what working at Okta is all about. You’ll also have the support of your mentor and manager to help you develop new skills. 

Our interns have the opportunity to build a strong community - with their fellow interns, within their teams, and with the broader company. We want you to grow professionally and you’ll do that through participating in events like our Executive Speaker Series and Brown Bags.  And of course, we want you to have fun too.

Interns may choose the format of their internship: either in-person at one of our Okta offices, or virtually. We give our interns the opportunity to choose the option that best suits their needs. We offer 12 week internships in the U.S. in the Summer and 16 week co-ops in Canada.  

#LI-Remote #LI-Onsite

 

What you can look forward to as an Full-Time Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits

Making Social Impact

Fostering Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging at Okta 

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https://www.okta.com/company/careers/.

Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please use this Form to request an accommodation.