The Company 

Versaterm is a global public safety solutions company helping agencies transform how they serve their communities. Since 1977, we’ve been building an ecosystem of intuitive tools designed for public safety agencies, forensic labs, court systems, schools and other institutions. Through purposeful integrations and a selective growth strategy, we focus on improving workflows to help our customers achieve more efficient operations, better service and more just outcomes.

Our teams are driven by innovation, expertise and an unwavering commitment to customer success. As we continue to grow and expand our ecosystem, you’ll have the opportunity to contribute to solutions that enhance community safety and transform the future of public safety technology. If you’re passionate about making a meaningful difference, we’d love to hear from you.

The Role

Versaterm Public Safety is looking for Software Developer Co-op students to join our diverse team of highly skilled individuals responsible for building and delivering mission critical systems to Police, Fire and EMS agencies across North America.

During your co-op term, you will develop various enhancements to our products through Full Stack development, actively engaging in the development of new features.

What We Offer

Competitive salaries
Experienced and engaged team members
Company-hosted social events and activities
Open-plan office with standing desks, gourmet coffee bar and games room
A challenging and rewarding work environment with the opportunity to help protect and save lives by providing essential tools to public safety professionals, including 911 dispatchers, emergency responders, records staff, investigators, and command staff.

What You'll Bring

Student in a relevant program in Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related field 
Strong analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills.
Proactive, motivated, organized and efficient.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to work in a team environment.
Familiarity with programming language such as Java, Python, C++, JavaScript , etc.,
Equal Opportunity 

Versaterm is committed to building and supporting inclusion, diversity, and equity, and sustaining a barrier-free environment. Accommodations are available, on request, throughout all aspects of the selection process. These principles apply to the terms and conditions of employment at Versaterm. For detailed information on our accessibility policies, please contact info@versaterm.com. 