Intern Cloud Engineering
Come join us 


Avanade’s North America Internship Program was built for one purpose: to revolutionize the way we design and deliver engaging, connected experiences for our clients and their customers. Through the combination of creative and technology expertise, our digital interns will spend their time creating never-before-seen, radical and exciting solutions to our clients’ biggest business challenges. If you’re interested in having an impact on tomorrow’s digital landscape, then let us know who you are, what you do, and why we’d be crazy not to bring you on board. 


During our 10-week internship program, you will have the opportunity to experience our culture, build your network and apply your education, while gaining real-world experience. You’ll spend your summer taking on a variety of roles with some fun along the way. The experience only lasts the summer but will open up a lifetime of opportunity. Together we do what matters. 

What You’ll Do:  

Help define and establish IT operations, processes, procedures, and toolsets to manage and maintain client solutions  
Develop, modify and improve client infrastructure solutions  
Support infrastructure deployment efforts  
Support systems integration testing, component integration testing and user acceptance testing 
Support change management efforts as directed by senior team members and change specialists. 

Academic requirements:  

College Junior-standing with target graduation date between December 2025 and June 2026.  
Pursuit of a bachelor’s degree in a technology-related discipline  
Creative mind and collaborative spirit 
 

Skills and experiences:  

Passion for technology  
Excellent verbal and written interpersonal skills 
Ability to excel in a team-oriented, project-based work environment  
Proven leadership experience in an academic, extra-curricular or professional setting  
Strong critical thinking skills, and the ability to think on your feet  
Ability to learn in a fast-paced environment  
Interest in beginning a career in technology consulting upon receiving your undergraduate degree 
 You likely have exposure to or familiarity with:  

Infrastructure Microsoft solutions 
Cloud technologies; Azure is a plus!  
Networking  
Data center operations  
Platform migration and enterprise directories 
Systems security 
Databases and mobility

About you 

 
Characteristics that can spell success for this role 

Analytical, curious, agile 
Team player and suburb communicator 
Problem-solver, patient, quality-driven 
Understands how to develop a project plan into a successful software solution 
Innovative mindset 

Enjoy your career 
 
Some of the best things about working at Avanade 

Top-shelf clients – our clients accelerate value by being bold, imaginative – and fast. Look at who we work with – you’ve probably heard of them and just might want to work with them, too 
Next-level work – Utilize emerging tech and become adept at solving business critical issues, acquire industry expertise, and a deep understanding of the technologies and capabilities within the Microsoft ecosystem 
Flexible work schedule – We provide employees with a flexible work schedule that includes flexible start and end times as well as the ability to work remotely Find out more about some of our benefits here. 

A great place to work 

We work hard to provide an inclusive, diverse culture with a deep sense of belonging for all our employees. Visit our Inclusion & Diversity page. 

Create a future for our people that focuses on 

Expanding your thinking 
Experimenting courageously 
Learning and pivoting 
Inspire greatness in our people by 

Empowering every voice 
Encouraging boldness 
Celebrating progress 
Accelerate the impact of our people by 

Amazing the client 
Prioritizing what matters 
Acting as one 
