Job details
Description
Inspirational, innovative and entrepreneurial - this is how we describe our empowered teams. Combine your passion with purpose and join a culture that is thriving in the face of change.

Make an impact with our Technology - Development team as Intern, Quality Assurance. This diverse team of tech-savvy builders and problem solvers embraces digital transformation, and the possibilities technology brings to the future of our industry. We’re looking for team members who have a strong sense of ownership and drive, and who thrive on delivering high-quality solutions that are redefining the way MNP does business.

MNP is proudly Canadian. Providing business strategies and solutions, we are a leading national accounting, tax and business advisory firm in Canada. Entrepreneurial to our core, our talented team members transcend obstacles into opportunities and are successfully transforming mid-market business practices.

When applying, please submit your resume, cover letter, transcript and other applicable forms, as necessary, in 1 document.

Responsibilities

Support QA strategies and standards based on projects across teams
Review requirements specifications and technical design documents to provide timely and meaningful feedback
Learn and create detailed and well-structured test plans and test cases
Support and execute manual test scenarios under regression test plans
Perform functional, integration, regression, and system testing
Share test results and communicate test progress to QA Manager
Participate in meetings with developers and project managers to discuss release scope and roadblocks
Ensure QA activities are completed and signed off in the expected time frame
Install and deploy builds in test environments
Skills and Experience

Currently enrolled in full-time studies with a post-secondary institution in a Bachelor of Computer Science, Bachelor of Software Engineering or related field
Open to candidates who have completed their final year of post-secondary education within the last year or who intend to return to full-time studies after the internship
Knowledge of C#, REST APIs, and the .Net stack is considered an asset
Independent learner with demonstrated critical thinking skills
MyRewards@MNP

With a focus on high-potential earnings, MNP is proud to offer customized rewards that support our unique culture and a balanced lifestyle to thrive at work and outside of the office. You will be rewarded with generous base pay, vacation time, 4 paid personal days, a group pension plan with 4% matching, voluntary savings products, bonus programs, flexible benefits, mental health resources, exclusive access to perks and discounts, professional development assistance, MNP University, a flexible ‘Dress For Your Day’ environment, firm sponsored social events and more!

Diversity@MNP

We embrace diversity as a core value and celebrate our differences. We believe each team member contributes unique gifts and amplifying their potential makes our business stronger. We encourage people with disabilities to apply!

#LI-Hybrid