24WD81512, Intern, Full Stack Software Developer 

Position Overview 

As a Full Stack Software Developer Intern on the DXC Horizontal Capabilities team, you will work on critical projects and proof of concepts to some unique tools, which will help build the foundations for our eCommerce website. You'll understand the end-to-end life cycle of Autodesk's system and get a great exposure to system design and developing new customer-centric platform. 

 

Our team manages core systems like orders and subscriptions, supporting education and trials, providing core services like compliance and notifications. We develop backend business services and platforms to solve critical eCommerce problems. 

 

Responsibilities 

You'll develop features in JavaScript, Node.js, and React.js  

Improve the performance, availability and scalability of our applications 

Partner with cross functional teams to refine the scope of projects 

Minimum Qualifications 

Must be currently enrolled in a full-time, degree seeking program with an expected graduation date in 2026 

Strong CS Fundamentals with projects in Java, Node.js, and Python 

Prior experience with AWS, Git, and Jenkins 

Preferred Qualifications 

Prior software engineering experience from internships, hackathons, or projects 

Experience with React and Splunk  Knowledge of Google Tag Management System 

About the Canada Intern Program  

The 2025 Canada program runs for 16 weeks (May 5th to August 22nd). All internships are paid. As an intern, you will contribute to meaningful projects, be mentored by industry leaders, and participate in tech talks and other activities designed to support your personal and professional development. Our internships align with Autodesk’s Flexible Workplace approach, which is designed to meet the needs of our business while providing flexibility in support of office, remote and hybrid work preferences. 

Learn More

About Autodesk
Welcome to Autodesk! Amazing things are created every day with our software – from the greenest buildings and cleanest cars to the smartest factories and biggest hit movies. We help innovators turn their ideas into reality, transforming not only how things are made, but what can be made.

We take great pride in our culture here at Autodesk – our Culture Code is at the core of everything we do. Our values and ways of working help our people thrive and realize their potential, which leads to even better outcomes for our customers.

When you’re an Autodesker, you can be your whole, authentic self and do meaningful work that helps build a better future for all. Ready to shape the world and your future? Join us!

Salary transparency

Salary is one part of Autodesk’s competitive compensation package. Offers are based on the candidate’s experience, educational level, and geographic location.

Diversity & Belonging
We take pride in cultivating a culture of belonging and an equitable workplace where everyone can thrive. Learn more here: https://www.autodesk.com/company/diversity-and-belonging