Your role
What you'll be doing
Software Developer Co-op 
 
 

 

About the team  

The team is looking for a candidate that is eager to expand on their development skillsets. We’re looking for someone who is detail-oriented and knows how to work within a team as well as independently. In this role, you will support a collaborative hybrid team in building and maintaining a microservice platform using modern cloud technologies. Every member contributes to the technical roadmap and helps shape technical direction. You can make an impact here and explore one of many facets of development in a modern development environment. This is the experience you’re looking for.   

  

Why you should intern at PayByPhone 

We’re in a transformative stage as a business and looking for fresh minds with fresh ideas to help steer us through. As an intern, you will have hands-on experience working on what makes our product so great! You’ll learn how a fast-paced technology company operates and be hands on with the nitty gritty problems that our developers solve every day. Our people, our product, and our presence are expanding and growing each day - be a part of our transformation and grow with us!   

 

Working Environment    

We are a hybrid organization, and your day-to-day duties will be carried out from our new office in Yaletown twice a week and your personal residence the remaining days. Social events also take place at the Yaletown office. We will supply you with one of our corporate laptops to be used during your tenure.   

 
Compensation 

 
Here’s what you’ll do 

Write and test-drive code for new features and bugfixes  

Participate in code reviews to share knowledge and improve code quality  

Learn from your teammates and help them learn through pairing and mob programming sessions  

Build and deploy software through an automated CI/CD pipeline, helping refine the process  

Provision and maintain cloud infrastructure for your team’s products  

Work with the team to design and develop automated test suites, refine acceptance criteria, and establish test plans  

Monitor the health and success of your team’s products through application, system, and business metrics  

Make regular contributions to the team's processes, roadmap, and architecture 

Contribute to technical documentation 

 
The must-haves 

Currently enrolled in the co-op program   

Working towards a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Software Engineering  

 
You’ll excel in this role if you have 

Strong Communication Skills - This team works closely with other technical and business teams at PayByPhone. You know how to communicate effectively within the team and with other teams to share ideas and solve problems. You aren't afraid to ask questions to clarify technical design, requirements, and priorities. 

A Collaborative Approach - You care about the team's success, and you actively contribute to improving our processes and practices. You have a down-to-earth attitude and a collaborative approach to decision-making. 

Eagerness to Learn - You consistently learn from experience, from your teammates, and from others in the community. You ask for help when needed and are happy to help others. 
 

About us 

Here at PayByPhone, our strength is in our people: a talented team behind a fantastic product. We are a creative, ambitious, and driven multi-disciplinary group. We value learning and fun as we innovate to help millions of consumers pay for parking easily and securely. Our teams are growing; but not without you. 

 

Together, we're on a mission to simplify the world of mobility payments - one parking spot at a time. We're one of the fastest-growing mobile payment companies in the world and process over 100 million parking, transit, and bike-share transactions a year in cities across North America, Europe, and. Our teams help millions of consumers easily and securely pay for parking and transportation without the hassles of waiting in line, carrying change, or risking costly fines. 

 

PayByPhone is committed to fostering a diverse and representative workforce and an inclusive work environment where all employees are treated equally. The Company does not tolerate discrimination or harassment in the workplace or talent attraction processes. Our commitment is to attract and acquire talent that is representative of the talent market, and is based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications. 

 

At PayByPhone, we operate in a constantly evolving world. With change being a long-time friend of ours, we have our values to guide how we work as a team to deliver on our commitments. In short, we: 

 

Make things happen 
Stay curious 
Work together 
Have fun 
See through our customers' eyes 
 

To see our values in action, explore our Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, and our Careers page. If you're interested in reading the story behind our values, head on over to our About Us page. 

About Corpay
Corpay is a global technology organisation that is leading the future of commercial payments with a culture of innovation that drives us to constantly create new and better ways to pay. Our specialized payment solutions help businesses control, simplify, and secure payment for fuel, general payables, toll and lodging expenses. Millions of people in over 80 countries around the world use our solutions for their payments.

All offers of employment made by Corpay (and its subsidiary companies) are subject to the successful completion of satisfactory pre-employment vetting by an independent supplier (Experian). This is in accordance with Corpay's Resourcing Policy and include employment referencing, identity, adverse financial, criminal and sanctions list checks. We do this to meet our legal and regulatory requirements.

Corpay is dedicated to encouraging a supportive and inclusive culture among our employees. It is within our best interest to promote diversity and eliminate discrimination in the workplace. We seek to ensure that all employees and job applicants are given equal opportunities.

Notice to Agency and Search Firm Representatives: Corpay will not accept unsolicited CV's from agencies and/or search firms for this job posting. Resumes submitted to any Corpay employee by a third party agency and/or search firm without a valid written & signed search agreement, will become the sole property of Corpay. No fee will be paid if a candidate is hired for this position as a result of an unsolicited agency or search firm referral. Thank you.