Who we are:

For over 20 years, Global Relay has set the standard in enterprise information archiving with industry-leading cloud archiving, surveillance, eDiscovery, and analytics solutions. We securely capture and preserve the communications data of the world’s most highly regulated firms, giving them greater visibility and control over their information and ensuring compliance with stringent regulations.

Though we offer competitive compensation and benefits and all the other perks one would expect from an established company, we are not your typical technology company. Global Relay is a career-building company. A place for big ideas. New challenges. Groundbreaking innovation. It’s a place where you can genuinely make an impact – and be recognized for it.

We believe great businesses thrive on diversity, inclusion, and the contributions of all employees. To that end, we recruit candidates from different backgrounds and foster a work environment that encourages employees to collaborate and learn from each other, completely free of barriers.

We encourage you to apply if your qualifications and experience are a good fit for any of our openings.

Your Role:

The Software Developer in Test (SDET) co-op is a developer who specializes in writing code to test the product. They work directly with Developers, Product Managers and other SDETs to understand requirements and designs for upcoming changes, and to devise appropriate test strategies for those changes. They design and write the code for automated test cases and perform hands-on testing.

In this role you will be working directly with code in an established framework to automate testing of applications and services. You will support the team’s release and testing efforts while growing and maintaining automated coverage and frameworks.

Your Job:

Define and automate test cases that verify product requirements
Write code to support development of automated frameworks and tests
Execute test cases using both automated and manual techniques
Identify, report and verify software defects
Maintain test infrastructure and tools
Participate in team planning and story grooming
Conduct code reviews, improve and maintain quality of the automation code
Document the automation framework, tools and infrastructure
About You:

Understanding of Computer Science subjects
Understanding of Object Oriented Programming concepts
Proficiency with Java, C# or Swift
Experience with any of the following is an asset:
Testing or development in an agile environment
Unit testing frameworks such as JUnit or MSTest
Selenium WebDriver and JMeter
Mobile development with Android Studio or XCode
Web services technology such as REST, JSON or Thrift
Big data technology such as Hadoop, MongoDB or Kafka
Network protocols such as HTTP, TLS and TCP
Continuous integration systems such as Bamboo or Jenkins
Design patterns
To Apply: 

Think you’re a great fit for this job? Apply on our Global Relay Careers page with your cover letter, resume, and university transcripts in one PDF document. No emails or phone calls please; candidates must be legally authorized to work in Canada. 

Compensation:
Global Relay advertises the pay range for this role in accordance with provincial law. Salaries are displayed in the form of annual base salary but are paid out semi-monthly for the duration of employment.

Base salary range:
$36,000—$56,000 CAD
What you can expect:

At Global Relay, there’s no ceiling to what you can achieve. It’s the land of opportunity for the energetic, the intelligent, the driven. You’ll receive the mentoring, coaching, and support you need to reach your career goals. You’ll be part of a culture that breeds creativity and rewards perseverance and hard work. And you’ll be working alongside smart, talented individuals from diverse backgrounds, with complementary knowledge and skills.

Global Relay is an equal-opportunity employer committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion.

We seek to ensure reasonable adjustments, accommodations, and personal time are tailored to meet the unique needs of every individual.

We understand flexible work arrangements are important, and we encourage that in our work culture. Whether it’s flexibility around work hours, workstyle, or lifestyle, we want to ensure our employees have a healthy work/life balance. We support and value a hybrid work model that blends collaboration with the team in the office and focus time from the comfort of your home.

To learn more about our business, culture, and community involvement, visit www.globalrelay.com.