Co-op Data Analyst
Key elements of this role include:

Company, Department: Nova Scotia Power, Procurement 

Location: 1223 Lower Water Street, Halifax, Nova Scotia

Closing Date: March 8, 2025

 

Nova Scotia Power’s greatest source of energy is our people.  In a culture focused on safety and our customers, we’re committed to providing exceptional service to our customers and rewarding jobs to our employees. We are currently looking to fill student co-op position for Data Analyst.

 

As part of the Procurement Analytics team the Co-op Data Analyst will be responsible to:

Willingness to learn basic Project Management and track and complete tasks associated.
Work with business representatives on process review and analytics to identify Continuous Improvement opportunities.
Working closely with the Procurement Senior Business Analyst, develop Power BI and/or Tableau dashboards.
Conduct basic data analysis and assessment of data quality.
Assist with other business improvement activities and business tasks as assigned.
Required Skills and Experience:

Experience and proficiency with entire MS Office suite, particularly Excel including pivot tables, VLOOKUP, formulas, merging and master sheets together with strong analytical, data, and math skills
Must have familiarity and experience working with Power BI and / or Tableau or similar data visualization tools.
Must have excellent writing skills.
Must have strong business and personal communication skills.
Must have strong attention to detail and prioritization skills.
Excellent organizational skills, with good problem-solving approach.
Self-starter; must be able to meet deliverables with minimal supervision.
What we offer:

Facing the beautiful waterfront, you can find us located at 1223 Lower Water Street.  We believe in caring for our employees and are proud to offer our students:

Perks in the office; Free Coffee & Specialty Teas, Sparkling Water Machine, FREE Access to our onsite Gym, Rooftop Patio and Private Meeting rooms and Collaboration Spaces.
Networking and Growth; A Network of many other current & former co-op students & Social Committee offer students a way to connect with their peers with biweekly events like Keynote Speaker Series, Coffee Chats, Volunteer Opportunities and more.
A Comprehensive and Fun Onboarding Program including facilitated group orientation sessions for all students joining us each term, and a handy Student Handbook and Technology Guide to set you up for success from day one!
Click here to learn what some of our current & former students have to say about their experience with us!

 

Learn more about our culture & values:

At the Emera Group of Companies, you’ll be part of an inclusive, respectful workplace where everyone is welcomed and supported. Come build a career as unique as you are: making an impact from Atlantic Canada to the world. Your experience and perspective will help us to safely deliver cleaner, more reliable energy to our customers.  

 

If working in an innovative environment, challenging yourself, and shaping a cleaner energy future inspires you, we want to hear from you. Apply by March 8th, 2025 and let us know why this role is right for you.


Diversity, Equity & Inclusion at Emera

As one of Atlantic Canada’s largest publicly traded companies, we are ranked one of Canada’s Top 100 Employers, Top Employers for Young People and Top Diversity Employers. We know our success is driven by our dedicated teams and we strongly encourage applications from all qualified candidates, including persons who identify as racially visible, Indigenous, persons with disabilities, women in underrepresented roles and members of the 2SLGBTQ+ community.
Applicants from these equity groups may self-identify through the online application process. We support candidates and employees with access and accommodation needs and encourage you to let us know when you require accommodation.


Recruitment & Promotion Policy

The success of the Emera Company is driven by its people: a strong team with a shared commitment to support the Emera Company mission and values. The purpose of our recruitment policy is to provide a consistent framework to support fair and equitable attraction, hiring, and retention of the best talent for vacant positions. We are dedicated to maintaining a fair hiring process that provides equitable opportunities to all our applicants and is guided by our company values.