About the job
About League

Founded in 2014, and with a total funding currently at $220 million; League is a platform technology company powering next-generation healthcare consumer experiences. Payers, providers, consumer health partners and employers build on League’s platform to deliver high-engagement, personalized healthcare experiences consumers love. Millions of people use solutions powered by League to access, navigate and pay for care.

Build the Engine of Our Applications!

Gain valuable experience in developing and maintaining the backend applications that power our platform that powers our applications. You'll learn about API design, database interactions, and software development best practices. Participate in coding, testing, and deploying features, contributing to code reviews, and working with modern backend frameworks. This co-op is your chance to solidify your software engineering skills and make a real impact on our product.

Some Things The Data Team Works On

Building new products and integrations
Code reviews, automating testing
Participating in architectural design and planning

Some of the technologies we use on the backend engineering team include:

Rest & Websocket APIs, GO, Github, GCP,

Your Career Experience So Far May Include

Exposure to backend engineering projects
Hands on coding 
Previous engineering co-op experience

Security-related Responsibilities

Compliance with Information Security Policies
Compliance with League’s secure coding practice
Responsibility and accountability for executing League's policies and procedures
Notification of HR, Legal, Compliance & Security of any incidents, breaches or policy violations

Our employees come from different backgrounds, and we celebrate those differences. We are looking for the best candidates for our open roles, but do not expect applicants to meet every qualification in order to be considered. If you are excited about what you could accomplish at League and believe you can add value to our team, we would love to hear from you.

We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you are an individual in need of assistance at any time during our recruitment process, please contact us at recruitinginfo@league.com.

Our Application Process

Applying to a role you love can be exhausting, and understanding the next steps can feel vague and uncertain. You have done the hard part of submitting your application; let's do ours by sharing potential next steps

You should receive a confirmation email after submitting your application.
A recruiter (not a computer) reviews all applications at League.
If we see alignment with League's needs, a recruiter will reach out to learn more about your goals. The recruiter will also share the team-specific interview process depending on the roles you are exploring.
The final step is an offer, which we hope you will accept!
Prior to joining us, we conduct reference and background checks. Additional checks could be required for US Candidates, depending on the role you are exploring.

Here are some additional resources to learn more about League:

Learn about our platform, leadership team and partners
Highmark Health, Google Cloud, League: new digital front door to seamless care
Former Providence President and Workday EVP of Corporate Strategy join League Board of Directors
League raises $95 million USD in Series C to build world’s leading healthcare CX platform
Forbes x League: The Platformization Of Healthcare Is Here
Fast Company x League: If we want better innovations in healthtech, we need more competition

Recognize and Avoid Employment scams. Practice safe job searching.

Scammers are getting craftier and leveraging fake job postings to get personal information. Know the warning signs and protect yourself from scammers. Learn more here.

Privacy Policy

Review our Privacy Policy for information on how League is protecting personal data.