Role Type:

Internship/Co-op
Work Term:

Summer/Term 3
Work Location:

Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Hours:

37.5
Pay Details:

$47,200 - $66,600 CAD
TD is committed to providing fair and equitable compensation opportunities to all colleagues. Growth opportunities and skill development are defining features of the colleague experience at TD. Our compensation policies and practices have been designed to allow colleagues to progress through the salary range over time as they progress in their role. The base pay actually offered may vary based upon the candidate's skills and experience, job-related knowledge, geographic location, and other specific business and organizational needs. 

As a candidate, you are encouraged to ask compensation related questions and have an open dialogue with your recruiter who can provide you more specific details for this role.

Job Description:

DEPARTMENT OVERVIEW


Co-op and Internship opportunities allow you to gain valuable work experience across a number of the businesses at TD.  You will work with experienced colleagues, receive world class training, and be part of a community of students across TD, where you will have an impact, grow as individual and experience our culture of care.

Our Co-op/Intern Programming is offered with select Co-op and Internship roles, and is designed to help you better understand the TD business, build on critical career capabilities, and broaden your professional network. This program is designed to complement your on-the job experience and features:

Leadership talks with key Leaders from across the organization
Lunch and Learns on topics such as Innovation
Diversity and Inclusion and Personal Branding and so much more
JOB DESCRIPTION

You will have the opportunity to work with one of our various teams within the Technology group. From Day 1, you will be treated as an equal member of the team and given meaningful assignments to help us deliver improvements to our technology platforms. This could include platforms such as core banking, customer servicing, or customer engagement.

Job responsibilities for a Software Engineer Intern/Co-op may vary by area. This may include, but is not limited to the following:

Assist in the development/maintenance of comprehensive processes for prevention of issues and participate in problem determination and timely resolution of incidents applying appropriate quality measures 
Work with business partners to define and develop detailed business requirements
Design, develop and deploy system enhancements
Perform Unit and System Integration testing
Document system deployment plans for system implement and code deployment
Participate in Proof of Concept (POC) on new technologies and document findings  
Provide recommendations with full usability analysis.
Conduct program/ system research, analysis, detailed design and problem resolution
Respond to business and users' enquiries on business applications
Troubleshoot and determine root cause and resolution for application defects
Ensure defect free programming by testing and debugging using available/appropriate tools and participate in reviewing peer coding 
Apply Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Project Management Methodology (PMLC) to complete specific development tasks for projects. 
Adhere to standard security coding practices to ensure application is free of most common coding vulnerabilities 
Continuously enhance knowledge/expertise and keep current with leading-edge technologies trends/developments and develop expertise in TD services, applications, infrastructure, analytical tools and techniques that can contribute to effective solution development/delivery
JOB REQUIREMENTS

Currently enrolled in a relevant technology programs, such as Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology Management, Financial Analysis and Risk Management, Computing, etc.
Understanding of Data Structures and Algorithms
Understanding of OOP concepts and SOLID Principles
Strong coding, debugging, and problem-solving skills
Demonstrate understanding of at least one programing language and relational databases
A thirst for constantly exploring emerging technology
Familiarity and strength in any of the following: C, C++, C#, Object C, Java, Java Script, Python, NodeJS, Ruby, SQL, J2EE, Web Services, .NET, VBA, FPML, XML, HTTP, WSDL, Linux, Unix, Perl, Oracle, AIX, Windows, DB2, FIX Protocol, MS SQL, Angular, Type Script and React JavaScript libraries
Familiarity with source code management such as GIT
Familiarity with Jira and Confluence
Familiarity with cloud technologies
Skills that would be an asset but not required: Practical experience/knowledge of Data Generation, Data Masking, Data sub setting, Data Archiving, Data Virtualization, Data modelling, Database Development
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Please note that this is a general posting. If you are selected for an interview, more information regarding which business group and the specific job duties will be provided.

Early Talent Requirements 

This position is a 4-month work term and will commence May 5th – August 29th, 2025.
Applications must include a resume (maximum of 2 pages). 
We welcome all applications; however, we will only contact qualified candidates chosen for an interview.  Thank you for your interest.
TD requires employees to reside in Canada where the role is located. Successful candidates are expected to arrange relocation to one of our Toronto offices in a hybrid model (1-3 days per week in office).
Assigned Line of Business Requirements

Please note that the line of business that you are assigned to may require specific skills not mentioned in this posting

Who We Are  

TD is one of the world's leading global financial institutions and is the fifth largest bank in North America by branches/stores. Every day, we deliver legendary customer experiences to over 27 million households and businesses in Canada, the United States and around the world. More than 95,000 TD colleagues bring their skills, talent, and creativity to the Bank, those we serve, and the economies we support. We are guided by our vision to Be the Better Bank and our purpose to enrich the lives of our customers, communities and colleagues. 

TD is deeply committed to being a leader in customer experience, that is why we believe that all colleagues, no matter where they work, are customer facing. As we build our business and deliver on our strategy, we are innovating to enhance the customer experience and build capabilities to shape the future of banking. Whether you’ve got years of banking experience or are just starting your career in financial services, we can help you realize your potential. Through regular leadership and development conversations to mentorship and training programs, we’re here to support you towards your goals. As an organization, we keep growing – and so will you.  

Our Total Rewards Package

Our Total Rewards package reflects the investments we make in our colleagues to help them and their families achieve their financial, physical, and mental well-being goals. Total Rewards at TD includes a base salary, variable compensation, and several other key plans such as health and well-being benefits, savings and retirement programs, paid time off, banking benefits and discounts, career development, and reward and recognition programs. Learn more

Additional Information:
We’re delighted that you’re considering building a career with TD. Through regular development conversations, training programs, and a competitive benefits plan, we’re committed to providing the support our colleagues need to thrive both at work and at home.

Please be advised that this job opportunity is subject to provincial regulation for employment purposes. It is imperative to acknowledge that each province or territory within the jurisdiction of Canada may have its own set of regulations, requirements.

Colleague Development 
If you’re interested in a specific career path or are looking to build certain skills, we want to help you succeed. You’ll have regular career, development, and performance conversations with your manager, as well as access to an online learning platform and a variety of mentoring programs to help you unlock future opportunities. Whether you have a passion for helping customers and want to expand your experience, or you want to coach and inspire your colleagues, there are many different career paths within our organization at TD – and we’re committed to helping you identify opportunities that support your goals.

Training & Onboarding
We will provide training and onboarding sessions to ensure that you’ve got everything you need to succeed in your new role.

Interview Process 
We’ll reach out to candidates of interest to schedule an interview. We do our best to communicate outcomes to all applicants by email or phone call.

Accommodation 
Your accessibility is important to us. Please let us know if you’d like accommodations (including accessible meeting rooms, captioning for virtual interviews, etc.) to help us remove barriers so that you can participate throughout the interview process.

We look forward to hearing from you!

Language Requirement (Quebec only):

Sans Objet