Join us at Dapper Labs, where we focus on the intersection of blockchain and gaming. Our flagship projects, including Disney Pinnacle, NBA Top Shot, and NFL All Day, are blockchain-based digital collectibles platforms that leverage sophisticated technology. You will play a pivotal role in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, continually deploying to an enthusiastic and global audience, helping to pioneer new territories in blockchain and entertainment.

We're looking for students in their last semester to join us as a Backend Engineering Intern/Co-op for a 4 or 8 month work term, with the opportunity for conversion to full-time employment. You will help us create polished and delightful features for our NFT flagship products while learning from some of the industry’s best.

The ideal candidate is a self-motivated fast learner, has solid computer science fundamentals, and is interested in bringing the digital collectible experience to the next level.
What we'll achieve together:
Get the chance to work with emerging technologies in both backend & Blockchain, and learn best practices from experienced engineers.
Build, ship, and iterate new features on our flagship NFT products.
Build the best user experience with cutting-edge technologies including but not limited to: Golang, PostgreSQL, Kafka, GraphQL, Docker, Kubernetes.
Own critical new features and be given responsibilities just like a full-time engineer.
Collaborate with various stakeholders to turn design and requirements into real products.

About you:
You are a fast learner and embrace new technologies.
You are familiar with or interested in blockchain.
You are proficient in a modern programming language including but not limited to Go, JavaScript, Java, etc.
You demonstrated software engineering experience from a previous internship, work experience, coding competitions, or publications.
You are a recent university grad or you have completed or nearly complete BS/MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent degrees.
Dapper Labs is the world's first blockchain entertainment company. We are the creators of industry-leading experiences including CryptoKitties, NBA Top Shot, NFL All Day, Disney Pinnacle as well as Dapper Wallet – the simplest way to manage your assets and use the blockchain. We are also the original developers behind Flow, a new decentralized blockchain designed from the ground up for scalability and ease of use. Our mission at Dapper Labs is to make the world a more accessible and enjoyable place through consumer adoption of decentralized technologies. We have raised over $600M from leading and notable investors including Andreessen Horowitz, Coatue, Union Square Ventures, Venrock, Google Ventures (GV), Samsung, and the founders of Dreamworks, Reddit, Coinbase, Zynga, and AngelList, among others.

Visit our website to learn even more about Dapper Labs, including information about benefits and perks.