Critical Mass' Internship opportunities are part of our Trailhead Program and will provide a 12-week jump-start to your career. The program is a fast-track to launch your career through regular learning opportunities, mentorship, client work exposure, while also getting paid. We aim to show you all the amazing work we do here at Critical Mass, and to support you as part of the team! You will have the opportunity to try the digital agency world through multiple internship and client projects to see if it's for you!

Our Internship will run from May 27 – August 15.

As a Development Intern you will get to work with a tech lead to gain experience to all the different aspects of the technology discipline at Critical Mass. You will gain experience seeing how the technology team works with different departments like creative and UX to create top-notch user experiences. You will have a foundational knowledge of languages like HTML, CSS and Javascript and a passion to learn more. Most importantly, you are driven to hone your craft through a passion for technology. 

You Will:

Gain exposure to all elements of the technology discipline at Critical Mass
Understand how technology fits into the Critical Mass agency offerings
Collaborate with other interns on a client project and our global intern project
Deliver solutions balancing technical and business requirements
Understand business and user requirements
Maintain high coding standards and practices to exercise quality control on all aspects of web development
Problem-solve in all areas of web development
You Have:

Demonstrated development experience with hand-coding advanced HTML, CSS, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript through class or certificate program
Demonstrated development exposure to React or Vue or Next
Package manager and automation tool experience (npm, gulp, grunt)
Basic understanding of Responsive Web Design principles
Proficiency with Semantic HTML Markup
Aptitude to collaborate and work with cross discipline teams
Exposure in diagnosing and solving cross-browser and cross-platform issues
Currently in 2nd or 3rd year of a 4-year degree or 1st year of a 2-year specialization program
What We Offer

Vacation, compassionate leave, wellness days, and flex days
Hybrid work options
Summer Fridays (off at 3:00 PM local time every Friday)
Diversity and Inclusion Board with 12 affinity groups
Enterprise-wide employee discounts
The Talent Team at Critical Mass is focused on ensuring we provide the best training, onboarding, and employee experience possible! Our new hires & employees are the future of our organization, and we want to set you up for long-term success. In an effort to do so, we expect our team to work from an office a minimum of 3 days a week. The ask stems from our want to:

Strengthen opportunity for continuous learning
Improve collaboration and team relationships.
Increase employee engagement

Critical Mass is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We do not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. If you are an individual with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please reach out to accommodations@criticalmass.com.

We are committed to fostering diversity, equity, and inclusion within our candidate pools. 

The Critical Mass Talent Acquisition team will only communicate from email addresses that use the URLs criticalmass.com and us.greenhouse-mail.io. We will not use apps such as Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, or Google Hangouts for communicating with you. We will never ask you to send us money, technology, or anything else to work for our company. If you believe you are the victim of a scam, please review your local government consumer protections guidance and reach out to them directly.

If U.S. based: https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/job-scams#avoid
If Canada based: https://www.canada.ca/en/services/finance/consumer-affairs.html
If U.K. based: https://www.gov.uk/consumer-protection-rights
If Costa Rica based: https://www.consumo.go.cr/educacion_consumidor/consejos_practicos.aspx 