Job details
Description
Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt LLP is one of Canada’s leading business law firms. Advising many of Canada’s corporate leaders, as well as U.S. and international parties with extensive interest in Canada, our over 400 lawyers are based in offices in Toronto, Montréal, Ottawa, Calgary, Vancouver and New York.

Osler prides itself on attracting and maintaining some of the brightest talent in the legal arena. Our lawyers, students, management and staff have created a unique firm culture which nurtures mentoring and the exchange of ideas. Osler is a dynamic and exciting place to begin a career or carve out a new path.

This Junior Web Developer position requires a good base of software and database development skills, some knowledge of the Microsoft SharePoint environment, and experience to assist in the build of the technical infrastructure components that support solutions.  It also requires some experience in analytical problem solving and requirements gathering for the deployment of efficient technology solutions.

Major Responsibilities and Duties: 

Plans, designs, develops, deploys, tests, maintains, updates and supports custom solutions which involves website architecture, dynamic programming, database development, server configuration, service and application administration, and application integration.
Assist to support of packaged application integration into solutions, data conversion planning and testing, and a key contact for vendor technical support of applications belonging to or assigned to the web services portfolio.
Analyze business requirements and communicate regularly with departments to effectively design and deploy technology and custom solutions to solve business problems.
Provides 2nd level support to service desk and end users as required with respect to the department’s web and dynamic services (includes but not limited to intranet sites, extranet sites, internet sites, database, and dynamic/data driven applications).
Good understanding of the software development lifecycle and must be able to communicate project status, issues, and resolutions effectively.
Position Requirements:

 Education and Experience

 Working towards an University degree in Computer or Engineering Sciences.  Some relevant working experience in development, design, and distributed/web-based system implementations.  An equivalent combination of education and experience may be acceptable.

Knowledge and Skills

Some knowledge and development experience in:
SharePoint / Microsoft 365 Developer Patterns and Practices
Familiar with SQL RDBMS Concepts, like with MS SQL Server
SQL, ASP.NET, Web Parts, C#, PowerShell
Familiar with latest Web Design Patterns, such as Responsive
Familiar with latest HTML5 and CSS3 Design Patterns, such as Sass
Client-Side Scripting: JavaScript REST, jQuery, JSON, Node.js, and React
Understand Authentication and Identity models used by Microsoft
Developing solutions that integrate with Enterprise Technologies
Experience with delivery of websites involving team & project collaboration, corporate communication, and business process portals including financial reporting
May have some experience writing design specifications and data models for Web and dynamic applications
This is a customer facing role and requires a resourceful individual that is confident under pressure, and has demonstrated skill in crisis management and expectation management
Strong teamwork and cross-group skills are essential
Organizational skills to effectively prioritize tasks
Troubleshooting skills to contend with technical difficulties, and analytical skills to assist in the resolution of complicated application integration challenges
Verbal communication and interpersonal skills required with the ability to write in a clear and concise manner
For the safety of firm members and visitors, Osler is committed to complying with the recommendations of public health authorities, including with respect to adopting mandatory vaccination policies.  Employment at Osler is therefore conditional on complying with any vaccination policies that Osler may adopt from time to time in response to the recommendations of public health authorities.

We are currently working in a hybrid work arrangement, which includes a requirement to work primarily in the office and flexibility to work remotely up to 2 days per week.

Accessibility and Accommodation

We thank all applicants for their interest in Osler; however, only chosen applicants will be contacted.  Osler is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment, and we welcome and encourage applications from people with disabilities and people with diverse backgrounds, identities, and cultures. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates in all phases of the selection process.

Background and Reference Checks

Please note that any offer of employment will be conditional upon background and reference checks, including a criminal record check, credit check, and employment and educational verifications.

If you have the required background with the ability to provide exceptional customer service and wish to work in one of Canada's leading law firms, please reply in confidence with a cover letter and résumé by the closing date.

No Agencies or phone calls please

#LI-Hybrid

#LI-BM1