ApplyBoard simplifies the study abroad search, application, and acceptance process by connecting international students, recruitment partners, and educational institutions on one intuitive and personalized platform. ApplyBoard is a mission-driven, hyper-growth organization. It has been attracting dedicated individuals for more than eight years who are inspired every day to break down barriers to international education and take their careers to new heights at a company that will invest in their career growth. Our six core values are our compass in our mission to Educate the World and the foundation of our unique company culture. As an organization built on a foundation of diversity, it’s important that our team members are representative of the students from more than 150 countries that we support. 

 

Integration Software Engineering - Co-op Job Description
Job Summary:

About ApplyBoard’s School products division
The ApplyBoard School products division is redefining global student enrollment with modern, AI-powered products designed for today’s educational institutions. Our platform empowers universities and colleges to recruit, engage, and enroll best-fit students—efficiently and at scale. By combining advanced data models with real-time market insights, we eliminate manual processes and simplify complex workflows, enabling institutions to focus on what truly matters: unlocking student potential.

We’re building more than just technology—we’re shaping the future of global education. Our team is a diverse group of innovators, problem-solvers, tech and education enthusiasts dedicated to transforming how institutions connect with students worldwide.

We believe in curiosity, collaboration, and bold ideas. Whether it’s engineering seamless workflows, designing intuitive experiences, or delivering actionable insights, every team member plays a crucial role in making enrollment smarter, faster, and more impactful.

If you’re passionate about using technology to solve real-world challenges and want to be part of a team driving meaningful change in global education, ApplyBoard’s School products division is the place for you.

 

The Opportunity:
As part of the ApplyBoard School products division, you will make critical contributions to our mission by integrating our software with the student information systems used by schools.  That will help schools to streamline the school’s application review process, leading to better outcomes both for the school and its students.

You will be working in a team of interns, with guidance and oversight from more experienced engineers.  This team will work primarily on-site at our office in downtown Kitchener.

What you’ll be doing:

Key Responsibilities:

Develop and test backend software that will integrate our product with external systems e.g. schools’ student information systems.

Deliver well-tested, clean and production ready software , working both independently and as part of a team

Participate in code reviews of your and others’ code with your peers 

Leverage monitoring tools to ensure our production system consistently performs as expected

Ensure smooth and successful deployment of changes to production 

What you bring to the table:

Preferred Qualifications:

8+ months work  or internship experience in commercial software development 

Experience with Data Structures, Algorithms and Object-Oriented Programming, Git

Backend and/or web development experience in any of the following: Javascript, Typescript, NodeJs

Using and/or creating RESTful APIs

Experience with the some of following: 

System integration and/or data pipeline technologies e.g. import/export, CSV format

AWS Cloud, or other cloud platform

Databases i.e. Relational DBs and/or Key Value stores

Lambda Functions, or other serverless technologies

Observability software e.g. CloudWatch

Automated testing tool e.g. Postman, Cypress

 

About ApplyBoard

ApplyBoard empowers students around the world to access the best education. With more than 1,000,000 students from over 150 countries helped with their journey in less than a decade, we are just getting started.

ApplyBoard’s 1,200 global team members in 30 countries assist students and our 1,500 partner institutions by empowering the international student sector with innovative technology and insights. As a five-time consecutive Deloitte Fast 50 and Fast 500 ranked company, ApplyBoard is growing and scaling like few other companies. On top of our strong growth, our people are growing personally and professionally. ApplyBoard India was Great Place to Work® Institute (India) certified for outstanding employee experience and workplace culture.

Thank you for your interest in joining the ApplyBoard Team and being part of our mission to Educate the World. While we are lucky to attract a high level of interest in each of our roles, only qualified applicants will be contacted and selected for an interview.

ApplyBoard welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates in all aspects of the hiring and selection process.