Job Summary

Job Type: Co-op
Location: Ottawa, ON
Industry: Technology/Aviation
Term: Summer 2025 (May-August).

About the Job
Searidge Technologies develops innovative technology to improve safety and efficiency in the aviation market. With technology at over 40 sites in 25 countries, we are a global leader and preferred partner for Remote Tower and Digital Airport solutions. Through operational enhancements, collaboration and automation, our team helps our customers proactively transform the way they offer and deliver services to meet changing demands.

Searidge is currently recruiting for a Software Developer Co-op with a good understanding of software development – primarily in a Full Stack environment. The successful candidate will be involved in code reviews, design discussions for all our products, bug fixes, and new features and product implementation. This will be a co-op term position, reporting to the Manager of Software Development.


Responsibilities

Software design, implementation, review, and testing for existing products
Design application front and back ends and display data in a user-friendly way
Implementation of CI/CD process and pipelines
Develop secondary software utilities, test applications, and prototype applications
Maintain, troubleshoot, diagnose, and repair existing software
Provide and accept feedback on your work to and from team members
Produce documentation, manuals, user guides and other technical documentation
Interface with internal and external customers for software requirements management and acceptance testing

Qualifications

Currently pursuing a Computer Science Bachelor Degree or equivalent
Experience developing frontend and backend web applications
Some experience with Node.js, Express, React, Websockets is ideal
Some experience with front-end UI frameworks like JQuery, Bootstrap, Material-UI
Knowledge in REST API design and development
Experience with Visual Studio Code, Linux, Git, Jira
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills
Must be a team player and willing to learn
Bonus Qualifications

Familiarity with Typescript
An understanding of Helm, Docker, Kubernetes, Kafka, Cassandra
Knowledge of cybersecurity threats, solutions, and best practices
Familiarity with real-time network I/O, thread management, and video processing
Experience with Python, AI, C++, real-time development
Familiarity with multiple languages in addition to English
Why Searidge?

Searidge Technologies is an innovative technology company working in the mission critical world of aviation. As a pioneer and global leader in Digital Tower and Advanced Airport solutions, our team is on the forefront of technology and driving change in how aircraft and vehicles in the vicinity of an airport have been traditionally managed.

As a member of the Searidge team, you will be part of exciting industry firsts, encounter challenging problems, be exposed to a variety of internal functions, and encouraged to learn, grow and expand both professionally and personally.

We are an equal opportunity employer offering competitive compensation, a respectful and positive work environment where creative solutions, empowerment, and collaboration to achieve our shared goals are part of our corporate DNA.