2025 Summer Internship - Trading (DV Equities)
Toronto
 

About Us:
Founded more than 15 years ago and headquartered in Chicago, the DV Group of financial services firms has grown to more than 450 people operating throughout North America and in Europe. Since spinning out of a large brokerage firm in 2016, DV Trading has rapidly scaled as an independent proprietary trading firm utilizing its own capital, trading strategies, and risk management methodologies to provide liquidity to worldwide financial markets and hedging opportunities to commodity producers and users. Now, DV group affiliates include two broker dealers, a cryptocurrency market making firm, and a bourgeoning investment adviser.

Overview:

As a Trading Intern, you'll work with our trading teams and learn about proprietary methodologies and trading systems that support an established trading business. You will build and maintain trading models, oversee and improve daily processes as needed, analyze and solve discrepancies in trade positions and identify new market opportunities. Trading interns work in a relatively flat organizational structure and are mentored by Senior Traders and other trading professionals on teams. 


Requirements:

Pursuing a BS, MS, or Ph.D. in Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics, Computer Science or a related field 
Strong interest in trading and model development
A high level of proficiency with Excel, C++, C#, R, Python, and VBA is preferred 
Possess a strong work ethic and be able to learn quickly in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment
Demonstrate ability to learn and apply new concepts

DV is not accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms. Only search firms with valid, written agreements with DV should submit resumes in response to DV’s posted positions. All resumes submitted by search firms to DV via e-mail, the Internet, personal delivery, facsimile, or any other method without a valid written agreement shall be deemed the sole property of DV, and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by DV. DV is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.