Position Title: Data Engineer Co-op Student
Portfolio/Program: Strategy, Performance & Analytics

Location: Variable within the Zones (main office is in Halifax)

REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS
The Position Reports to: Analytics Lead, MLOps

Titles and Number of Positions Reporting to this Position: None

PORTFOLIO/PROGRAM AREA
Nova Scotia Health (NSH) provides sustainable, safe and high-quality health care which is accessible, people-centered, promotes health and wellness and optimizes the health of all Nova Scotians. This is accomplished across four management zones which are responsible for the operation of acute care health centres and the provision of a variety of inpatient and community-based programs and services including mental health and addictions, primary health care, public health and continuing care.

The Data Engineer Co-op Student is a member of the Applied Analytics Team.


POSITION SUMMARY
Reporting to the Analytics Lead MLOps, and through the Lead to the Manager Applied Analytics, the Data Engineer Co-op Student has primary responsibility to NSH to support the mission, vision and strategic directions by using the tools and techniques best suited for solving the challenging problems associated with the optimal delivery of healthcare.
As a member of a multidisciplinary team, the Data Engineer Co-op Student can be tasked with a combination of the following:

Participate in the development of workflows that include predictive models and production pipelines to generate different types of forecasts.
Enable interactivity through the development of an efficient front-end that collects inputs from the end users and presents results produced by predictive models.

The proportion of time dedicated to each task will depend on the current progress of the projects involved.

KNOWLEDGE
Web development and machine learning.

RELEVANT SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE

1-3 years relevant experience, including a satisfactory combination of academic and professional practice.
Cloud technologies (Azure-like).
Skilled with web development frameworks (Angular preferred).
Development languages (Python).
APIs (REST).
Databases (SQL Server).
ETL processes.
Version control systems (Git).
Ability to deal with leaders, managers and teams regarding sensitive and confidential matters.
Works independently.