About the job
What if, in your next adventure, you were surrounded by people who, like you, look for an unlimited playground to explore, share, and test, would you care to hear more? You've opened the right door! As an R&D team, making sure your ideas are heard and encouraged is what we strive to do!What You'll Do:

The goal of Criteo’s internship program is to provide valuable real world work experience to the engineers of tomorrow while building a relationship that often leads to future employment. Many of our best engineers were hired after spending a summer with us. With that goal in mind, our internship program is structured so that each intern is assigned to one of our product engineering teams. While working as part of that team, you will work hand in hand with our talented engineers, solving problems and creating new features that will be deployed to tens of millions of users worldwide. At Criteo, you won’t sit in the intern section and work on data entry or QA projects.

Who You Are:

Work on real and impactful projects that are used by leading retailers and brands
Gain experience by working on cutting edge and highly scalable systems
Hone your skills as a full stack, data or UX focused engineer.
Work with and learn from talented engineers, with a diverse set of backgrounds
You’ll be placed on one of our technical team based on your interest and skill set.
Pursuing a degree (Bachelors or Masters) in Computer Science or a related field
Must be currently enrolled in a full-time degree program and returning to the program after intern completion
Experience in C++, Java, Python, Scala, or C#
A strong sense of ownership and a dislike for passing the buck
A problem solver, a fixer, and a creative technologist. We believe coding is a talent and a passion, not just a skill.
A strong communicator and a team player who can work efficiently with others


We acknowledge that many candidates may not meet every single role requirement listed above. If your experience looks a little different from our requirements but you believe that you can still bring value to the role, we’d love to see your application!

Who We Are:

Criteo is the global commerce media company that enables marketers and media owners to deliver richer consumer experiences and drive better commerce outcomes through its industry leading Commerce Media Platform.

At Criteo, our culture is as unique as it is diverse. From our offices around the world or from home, our incredible team of 3,600 Criteos collaborates to develop an open and inclusive environment. We seek to ensure that all of our workers are treated equally, and we do not tolerate discrimination based on race, gender identity, gender, sexual orientation, color, national origin, religion, age, disability, political opinion, pregnancy, migrant status, ethnicity, marital or family status, or other protected characteristics at all stages of the employment lifecycle including how we attract and recruit, through promotions, pay decisions, benefits, career progression and development. We aim to ensure employment decisions and actions are based solely on business-related considerations and not on protected characteristics. As outlined in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, we strictly forbid any kind of discrimination, harassment, mistreatment or bullying towards colleagues, clients, suppliers, stakeholders, shareholders, or any visitors of Criteo. All of this supports us in our mission to power the world’s marketers with trusted and impactful advertising encouraging discovery, innovation and choice in an open internet.

Why Join Us:

At Criteo, we take pride in being a caring culture and are committed to providing our employees with valuable benefits that support their physical, emotional and financial wellbeing, their interests and the important life events. We aim to create a place where people can grow and learn from each other while having a meaningful impact. We want to set you up for success in your job, and an important part of that includes comprehensive perks & benefits. Benefits may vary depending on the country where you work and the nature of your employment with Criteo. When determining compensation, we carefully consider a wide range of job-related factors, including experience, knowledge, skills, education, and location. These factors can cause your compensation to vary.