If you are committed to public service, enjoy collaborating with others, share our values and have a desire to learn and grow, join The City of Calgary . City employees deliver the services, run the programs and operate the facilities which make a difference in our community. The City offers unique, diverse jobs and a variety of work locations. Together we make Calgary a great place to make a living, a great place to make a life. 
 
The City is committed to fostering a respectful, inclusive and equitable workplace which is representative of the community we serve. We welcome those who have demonstrated a commitment to upholding the values of equity, diversity, inclusion, anti-racism and reconciliation. Applications are encouraged from members of groups that are historically disadvantaged and underrepresented. Accommodations are available during the hiring process, upon request. 
 
By joining the City of Calgary, you will get to apply your academic knowledge and participate in providing quality public service for over 1.4 million Calgarians. As a student, you will build lasting relationships with industry leaders, and contribute to work that will build and strengthen your skill sets. Primary duties include:
Create new codes to solve business problems.
Maintain existing code quality.
Test codes for efficiency and functionality.
Write queries and extract information from databases.
Qualifications
Enrolled in a third-year degree in Computer Science or Information Technology.
Intermediate proficiency in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint).
Basic proficiency in Java, Java Script, Gitlab and Jenkens.
Success in this role requires attention to details, excellent communication, critical thinking skills and the ability to learn fast.
Pre-Employment Requirements
Must be currently enrolled in school on a full-time basis with the intent to return to school full-time in the Fall of 2025.
A security clearance will be conducted.
If invited to an interview, you will be asked to provide an unofficial transcript or an enrollment verification letter (indicating the program and year you are currently completing).