Competition # : 45674

Department: Public Works

Location: HALIFAX

Type of Employment: Student

Union Status: Exclusion - Non Union - NSPG

Closing Date: 03-Apr-25 (Applications are accepted until 11:59 PM Atlantic Time)

About Us

Building and maintaining our provincial infrastructure is no small job. We're recruiting for summer students to help our province achieve big things!


At the Department of Public Works, we manage 23,000 kilometers of roads and highways and 4,100 bridges across Nova Scotia. We also maintain 2,400 buildings and infrastructure assets across a wide range of clients. We maintain and support various government buildings including museums, political core buildings, office buildings, and justice centres.

About Our Opportunity

As the Junior Business Analyst student, you will gain practical experience, and receive training and mentorship from highly qualified public service professionals. This is the perfect opportunity to jump start your career and gain an understanding of the provincial government and its capital program.


There may also be opportunity for you to participate in and collaborate with various staff on special projects or assignments; helping you further enhance and develop your skills.

Primary Accountabilities

You will assist staff with a wide range of business support, training and administrative duties that will contribute to the overall effectiveness and efficiency of the Department by:


Assisting staff develop tools that will aid planning and operations.
Development of spreadsheets that will help with tracking of diverse datasets that aid in the various planning activities within the department.
Develop new applications and/or integrate existing applications that are to be used in the collection of field data using mobile devices and GIS information.
Software testing and troubleshooting.
Qualifications and Experience

You must be enrolled in a computer science or related degree program: Candidates should be currently enrolled in a university or college program related to computer science or a related field, such as software engineering, information technology, or computer engineering.


As the ideal candidate you:


are proficient with computers including office software such as Microsoft Word, Outlook and Excel; previous knowledge or experience with project management, budgeting, spreadsheets, or databases is an asset.
have a strong foundation in Excel and mobile application development; programming languages, such as Java, Python, C++, or other relevant languages are assets.
have the ability to think critically and solve complex problems using computer science knowledge.
are able to communicate effectively in written and verbal form, as you may be required to collaborate with other team members, document your work, or present your findings to stakeholders.
are organized and able to prioritize your work;
are able to multi-task and switch focus quickly, as necessary;
have the ability to synthesize information quickly and formulate conclusions and recommendations;
demonstrate excellent communication skills and work well in both independent and team-based work environments; and
have a keen attention to detail.

We will assess the above qualifications and competencies using one or more of the following tools: written examination, standardized tests, interview(s), and reference checks.

Working Conditions

Normal work week is 35 hours/week, 7 hours/day.
Typically located in comfortable office environment.
Much of the time is spent in a comfortable position with frequent opportunity to move about.
Regularly reads and interprets multiple sources of information, regular requirement to type, read and work on a computer.
May experience pressure with deadlines and need for accuracy.
May require occasional visits to work sites or provincial offices.
Additional Information

This opportunity will start approximately May 5, 2025 with?an end date of August 29, 2025.


There is one (1) position available?based out of Halifax, 1672 Granville Street.


This opportunity could potentially be used for a Co-op placement. The successful candidate will be required to discuss with the Co-op office.




Pay Grade: HOURLY

Salary Range: $18.22 - $29.69 Hourly


Employment Equity Statement:

Our goal is to be a diverse workforce that is representative, at all job levels, of the citizens we serve. The Government of Nova Scotia has an Employment Equity Policy, and we welcome applications from Indigenous People, African Nova Scotians and Other Racially Visible Persons, Persons with Disabilities and Women in occupations or positions where they are under-represented. If you are a member of one of these equity groups, you are encouraged to self-identify on your electronic application.


Current government employees may access this posting through the link below:



PLEASE NOTE: Candidates will not be considered for an interview if applications are incomplete or are missing information.


Offer of employment is conditional upon the completion of all applicable background checks and confirmation of credentials, the results of which must be satisfactory to the employer. We thank all applicants for the interest, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. All questions and concerns may be directed to Competitions@novascotia.ca