Job Description:

This position is for May1st through Summer 2025. It is located in our Toronto office, Mon-Fri, with a three day in-office and two day remote schedule.

The Intern Experience:

At Rakuten, we pride ourselves on giving interns a genuine, immersive experience that has a direct impact on company objectives. You will do meaningful work, and with us, you’ll be a true member of the team. We are also invested in your growth as an individual and professional. That’s why you can expect curated events such as professional development workshops, interactions with Rakuten leadership, and relationship building opportunities with other interns and professionals at the company. 

You can visit Rakuten.us, our Muse profile, or listen to our feature on The Internship Show Podcast, to learn more about Rakuten’s culture and values, and our internship program. 

Rakuten Rewards is a profitable, high growth e-commerce company based in San Mateo, CA. We are part of the Rakuten family of companies. Rakuten is a very progressive company providing Rakuten Rewards with substantial capital, access to great technology, and access to international markets. We're always interested in meeting talented individuals interested in helping us change the way the world shops, so if you're passionate about helping save people money and improving the shopping experience apply below!

We are looking for an energetic, detail-oriented software developer to join a talented team of product marketers, software developers, and designers. As developer, you will support the delivery of a robust roadmap of new consumer facing product launches and feature enhancements. We are looking for a Co-op student who is creative and resourceful. You will be part of a fast-paced dynamic team. We are also open to an iOS or Android intern.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

Develop multiple approaches to a solution, deploy them in an A/B test to our customers, learn and adapt from the results

Analyze, develop and recommend metrics to drive business decisions

Collaborate with project manager, developers, and business units to develop products & services

QUALIFICATIONS 

Programming Skills: Proficient in Objective-C and Swift, with a strong understanding of Object-Oriented Design principles. 

Tools and Technologies: Experience with Git flow/branching strategies, Swift Package Manager, and dependency management. Problem Solving: Strong debugging skills and familiarity with Instruments. 

Proficient in data structures and algorithms. UI/UX Design: Experience with UIKit and SwiftUI, and a good understanding of user interface design and user experience strategies. API Integration: Experience working with REST APIs, with the ability to integrate and manage data effectively.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

Education: Currently enrolled in a Bachelor's or Master's program in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, or a related field, with an anticipated graduation date no earlier than December 2025. 
Availability: Must be available to commit to a full-time internship through August 2025.
Previous internship experience in software development or related fields is preferred.
Five Principles for Success
Our worldwide practices describe specific behaviors that make Rakuten unique and united across the world. We expect Rakuten employees to model these 5 Shugi Principles of Success.

Always improve, Always Advance - Only be satisfied with complete success - Kaizen
Passionately Professional - Take an uncompromising approach to your work and be determined to be the best
Hypothesize - Practice - Validate – Shikumika - Use the Rakuten Cycle to succeed in unknown territory
Maximize Customer Satisfaction - The greatest satisfaction for our teams is seeing their customers smile
Speed!! Speed!! Speed!! - Always be conscious of time - take charge, set clear goals, and engage your team

Rakuten provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type. Rakuten considers applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetic information, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, provincial or local laws.