About the job

Software Engineer Intern

Block is one company built from many blocks, all united by the same purpose of economic empowerment. The blocks that form our foundational teams — People, Finance, Counsel, Hardware, Information Security, Platform Infrastructure Engineering, and more — provide support and guidance at the corporate level. They work across business groups and around the globe, spanning time zones and disciplines to develop inclusive People policies, forecast finances, give legal counsel, safeguard systems, nurture new initiatives, and more. Every challenge creates possibilities, and we need different perspectives to see them all. Bring yours to Block.

The Role

Our Software Engineers keep Block simple and make our users faster and smarter. We're looking for engineers of all skillsets, who are excited about building outstanding software and solving hard problems. Our challenges span many technologies, from web and mobile applications (iOS, Android) to server-side development (Java, Ruby). As an engineer at Block, you will work on a small team with people across engineering, product, and creative, building reliable, fast, responsive, and beautiful software.

You Will

Reliability: Ensure our products work right, every time, by using testing, continuous integration, and in-depth code reviews
Security: Create interactions and APIs that promote trust, increase security, and make it harder to do the wrong thing
Analytics: Collect all the data around every transaction and turn it into tools that help our users
Products: Envision entire new products, features, and flows that are inspired, considered, and magical
Fraud Prevention: Make quick decisions on millions of dollars which requires diligence and passion for detecting bad actors and preventing loss

You Have

Pursuing degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math or related technical field, graduating between May 2026 and May 2027. Recent bootcamp graduates and engineering training participants are also considered within three months of completing program/training requirements
Programming experience in one or more object-oriented languages, including: Java, Python, Ruby, Go, Kotlin, Swift, C, and C++
Internships are 12-weeks
Co-op placements are 16 weeks

Technologies We Use And Teach

Java, Python, Ruby, Go, Kotlin, Swift, C, and C++

We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is an equal opportunity employer evaluating all employees and job applicants without regard to identity or any legally protected class. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, and always assess candidates on an individualized basis.

We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations throughout the recruitment process. If you require an accommodation, let your recruiter know.

Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build an inclusive workplace? Check out our Inclusion & Diversity page.

Every benefit we offer is designed with one goal: empowering you to do the best work of your career while building the life you want. Remote work, medical insurance, flexible time off, retirement savings plans, and modern family planning are just some of our offering. Check out our other benefits at Block.

Block, Inc. (NYSE: XYZ) builds technology to increase access to the global economy. Each of our brands unlocks different aspects of the economy for more people. Square makes commerce and financial services accessible to sellers. Cash App is the easy way to spend, send, and store money. Afterpay is transforming the way customers manage their spending over time. TIDAL is a music platform that empowers artists to thrive as entrepreneurs. Bitkey is a simple self-custody wallet built for bitcoin. Proto is a suite of bitcoin mining products and services. Together, we’re helping build a financial system that is open to everyone.
