Software Engineer Intern

 Our Capital One Software Engineering Team.

Yes, we’re a credit card company. But we’re more than that too. We’re driven by what our customers want, and how to make their lives simpler. 

We’re always looking for creative ways to offer digital solutions that make sense for our customers. With your help, we’ll build the next generation of banking in Canada based on customer-focused values, compelling products and great engineering.  

About the Team

Acquisitions Decisioning team owns the Canadian Pre-approval application Quick Check through which customers can check which card they will be 100% approved for and the Dynamic App through which the customers can apply for a specific credit card. The team is currently on a journey to create a streamlined and cohesive end to end customer shopping experience through advanced technology investments for its pre-approval and decisioning capabilities which will provide the customers a better experience while searching and applying for a credit card without impacting their credit history. 

About the Role


As an engineer on C1pher you will be working with a highly collaborative, diverse mix of engineers to enhance the product vision to deliver new credit card products to the market. You will have the opportunity to work on different layers of the technology stack (Go, NodeJS, AWS) and collaborate with many external teams to help achieve our mission. You will be involved in building infrastructure, feature development, testing (unit test, component test and integration test), deployment, monitoring and fixing cyber security and vulnerability fixes.

IDE: IntelliJ

Language: GoLang, NodeJS

AWS: S3, Lambda, Route53, Security Groups, IAM roles

Monitoring Tool: Splunk, New Relic, Cloudwatch

CI/CD: Jenkins, Onepipeline (Capital One’s innersourced CICD pipeline)

Your Responsibilities: 

Work as part of a dynamic team throughout the software development life cycle

Develop code to meet story acceptance criteria 

Conduct design and code reviews to ensure high-level quality output

Ensure adherence to continuous improvement practices as required to meet quality, and time to market imperatives 

Participate in Agile ceremonies, design and brainstorming sessions

Collaborate with Product and Analyst stakeholders to implement enhancements or new applications 

Technical Documentation for analysis, test results and release.

Learn and build AWS cloud infrastructure on the job

Have fun with the team

Basic qualifications: 

Will obtain a Bachelor’s degree or higher from December 2025 or later

Familiarity with application development using any backend programming language, and JavaScript.

Good communication, presentation, and writing skills

Good understanding of testing fundamentals

Able to work within a team setting and actively participate and collaborate in team discussion


Preferred qualifications

Don’t have them all? Don’t worry. We’ll help you develop the right skills for the job

Experience with backend technologies such as GoLang, AWS Lambda, S3. 

Experience with version control technology i.e. Git

Experience with Jenkins CI/CD, microservices, API design / integration

What’s in it for you?

Hybrid work environment (3 days in office); flexible work hours

Invest in Yourself Days (last Friday of each month) dedicated to self-driven learning & development, Civic and statutory holidays

Equipment allowance

Application Details:

Please include your cover letter, resume and unofficial transcripts in one PDF in the attachment section under Resume/CV when you create your profile to apply