Ciena is committed to our people-first philosophy. Our teams enjoy a culture focused on prioritizing a personalized and flexible work environment that empowers an individual’s passions, growth, wellbeing and belonging. We’re a technology company that leads with our humanity—driving our business priorities alongside meaningful social, community, and societal impact.

How You Will Contribute:

We are looking for candidates who should be energetic and passionate about learning new technology, contribute, deliver and document.

This role is designed for individuals who, though may not have extensive experience, possess a foundational understanding of IT. The selected candidate will support our projects by leveraging tools & applications to streamline operations and will also be learning some industry wide processes.

Key Responsibilities:

As a Software Developer intern, you will

Work on active HR and Payroll projects, including participation in Vendor IT calls/Requirements discussion calls and Cross Functional team calls.
Deliver assigned work under appropriate supervision from Workday SME.
Participate in team meetings, sharing your experience and perspectives with the team.
Conduct research and share the tools that can reduce the operational IT hours.
Lean and gain insight into our service delivery and service operational support
Collaborate with team members and provide the technical extended support as needed.
Automate current data reconciliation process to improve the employee data quality across key corporate applications.
Conduct research to improve employee experience and document
Assist in training initiatives by preparing materials & also conduct documentation.
Stay informed about the latest trends in technologies to contribute to team discussions.
The Must Haves:

Pursuing a degree in IT, Computer Science, or a related field.
Experience in one or more of the following languages: Python, XML, Soap UI, Postman
Good design, testing, troubleshooting, and documentation skills.
Excellent problem-solving skills and a detail-oriented mindset.
Effective communication skills, capable of conveying ideas to both technical and non-technical team members.
Proactive in reaching out to colleagues and customers to gather information or extend support.
An organized approach to tasks and the ability to manage multiple priorities.
A team player mindset with the ability to also work independently when required.
Assets:

Problem-solving approach, effective communication, and ownership.
Awareness of Agile and understanding of iterative development methodology.
Pay Range: The hourly pay range for this position is $21.00 - $33.00

The hourly pay range for this position in Canada is $20.00 - $27.00

Pay ranges at Ciena are designed to accommodate variations in knowledge, skills, experience, market conditions, and locations, reflecting our diverse products, industries, and lines of business. Please note that the pay range information provided in this posting pertains specifically to the primary location, which is the top location listed in case multiple locations are available.


In addition to competitive compensation, Ciena offers students access to the Employee Assistance Program (EAP), company-paid holidays, paid sick leave, and vacation pay as required by applicable laws.

Not ready to apply? Join our Talent Community to get relevant job alerts straight to your inbox.

At Ciena, we are committed to building and fostering an environment in which our employees feel respected, valued, and heard.  Ciena values the diversity of its workforce and respects its employees as individuals. We do not tolerate any form of discrimination.

Ciena is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability and protected veteran status.

If contacted in relation to a job opportunity, please advise Ciena of any accommodation measures you may require.