Description
Working for Rocket Innovation Studio means more opportunities for you to carve your own career path forward. From our desire to revolutionize the way people get mortgages to addressing challenges big or small with outside-the-box solutions, we’re not your typical employer. We’ll provide you with everything you need to make sure you’re successful here.

As a Software Developer Co-Op, you'll work on large-scale projects to build applications used by internal and external clients. You'll use existing coding skills while building upon them with specialized programming that will help develop communication and technical skills.

About the Role

Develop web applications, WPF, WCF and web services using C#
Perform regular duties and complete projects
Participate in design and code reviews
Follow and enhance existing development processes
Measure and verify that codes have acceptable performance and scalability
About You
Solid object-oriented programming knowledge
Experience in SQL, JavaScript, PHP, HTML5, node.js or similar web-based technology
Some experience in building applications
Experience in all aspects of the software life cycle, including design and testing
Superb attention to detail
Solution-focused mentality
Great communication skills
About Us

Rocket Innovation Studio (RIS) launched in 2019 and has gone on to make its mark in the Canadian fintech industry. Headquartered at 156 Chatham Street in Windsor, Ontario, the company renovated the historic building which began as an auto showroom and garage before becoming a furniture store, the Old Fish Market, the Coach and Horses Pub, and the Loop. In 2020, RIS was joined by Rocket Mortgage® with the mission to improve the mortgage process and deliver an excellent client experience for Canadians.

With the backing of Rocket Companies®, RIS is able to capitalize on the creativity and growth of a startup environment with the stability and enterprise experience of a mature company. At RIS, Canadian talent is able to collaborate, design, build, test and return a full range of custom IT solutions. RIS is leading the charge to make Windsor Canada's tech hub.


Apply today to join a team that offers career growth, amazing benefits and the chance to work with leading industry professionals.

What You'll Get

Our team members fuel our strategy, innovation and growth, so we ensure the health and well-being of not just you, but your family, too! We go above and beyond to give you the support you need on an individual level and offer all sorts of ways to help you live your best life. We are proud to offer eligible team members perks and health benefits that will help you have peace of mind. Simply put: We’ve got your back. Check out our full list of Benefits and Perks.

This job description is an outline of the primary responsibilities of this position and may be modified at the discretion of the Company at any time. Decisions related to employment are not based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, military or veteran status or any other characteristic protected by state or federal law. The Company provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with applicable state and federal laws. Applicants requiring reasonable accommodations in completing the application and/or participating in the application process should contact a member of the Human Resources team at Careers@myrocketcareer.com.