Intrado’s mission is to save lives and protect communities by helping them prepare for, respond to, and recover from critical events. Our cutting-edge, innovative SaaS company is at the forefront of transforming preparation for and response to 911 emergencies with next generation, data-driven software. At Intrado, we’re passionate about our mission, our customers and our team members, and seize the opportunity every day to make an impact through #workworthdoing.

Internship Details

An internship at Intrado isn’t just a summer job, it’s an unforgettable experience!

Internships start May 28th, 2025 and go until August 2025 (12 weeks).

Location: 7150, rue Alexander-Fleming, Saint-Laurent QC H4S2C8

This position will support our Information Technology- Software Development team. This internship provides hands-on experience in Java development, allowing interns to work on real-world projects, improve coding skills, and gain insight into software development processes. The ideal candidate is eager to learn, has a basic understanding of Java, and is excited to contribute to a collaborative team environment.

Each Intern Will Focus On Completing a Project Designed To Provide Hands On, Career/major Relevant Project Experience That Will Have An Immediate And Lasting Impact On a Real Time Business Need. Additionally, Interns Will Have The Opportunity To

Make an Impact - you’ll complete a meaningful project that will support your career goals AND have a lasting impact on Intrado and the communities we serve. 
Gain Skills and Knowledge from Industry Leading Experts - through your hands on learning experience, you will work closely with and constantly learn from a team that are the best in the business. 
Build a Network - from fellow interns to our executive team, you’ll have endless opportunities to connect with and learn from Intrado team members during the summer and beyond.
Be Mentored - we will pair you up with a mentor who will provide support throughout the internship experience to ensure your success!

Essential Duties

Assist in designing, coding, testing, and debugging Java applications.
Work on backend development using Spring Boot, Hibernate, or other Java frameworks.
Write and maintain clean, efficient, and well-documented code.
Collaborate with senior developers on feature development and bug fixes.
Participate in code reviews and provide constructive feedback.
Work with databases (SQL, NoSQL) and optimize queries.
Develop RESTful APIs and integrate with front-end applications.
Write unit tests and conduct debugging to ensure application quality.
Assist in deploying and monitoring applications in development or staging environments.
Learn and apply agile development practices, including stand-ups and sprint planning.

Qualifications

Candidate in their senior year majoring in Information Technology, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related fields
Basic knowledge and experience with Java or JavaScript
Knowledge or experience with cloud environments (AWS or Azure) is helpful
Candidates must be able to speak English fluently
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Knowledge or experience with CICD process is helpful
Strong communication, collaboration, problem solving, critical thinking and adaptability skills. 
Passion for learning and a strong interest in supporting Intrado’s mission