What we offer:
At Magna, you can expect an engaging and dynamic environment where you can help to develop industry-leading automotive technologies. We invest in our employees, providing them with the support and resources they need to succeed. As a member of our global team, you can expect exciting, varied responsibilities as well as a wide range of development prospects. Because we believe that your career path should be as unique as you are.
Group Summary:
Magna is more than one of the world’s largest suppliers in the automotive space. We are a mobility technology company built to innovate, with a global, entrepreneurial-minded team. With 65+ years of expertise, our ecosystem of interconnected products combined with our complete vehicle expertise uniquely positions us to advance mobility in an expanded transportation landscape.
Job Responsibilities: 

The student will work closely with Data Scientists/Software Engineers on multiple software development projects. The projects will include the development of microservices-based architectures, REST APIs, C++, Python and user interfaces using JavaScript and React. The candidate should be familiar with software development workflows, including coding, testing, deployment, and maintenance.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Develop software applications based on supervisors’ requirements.

Implement and test microservices-based architectures.

Develop and integrate REST APIs.

Create and maintain user interfaces using JavaScript and React.

Test and evaluate the developed software solutions.

Present technical results and provide recommendations based on the project outcomes.

Qualifications:

Graduate/Senior UG student of computer science, software engineering, or equivalent engineering discipline.

Strong C++ and Python programming experience is required.

Experience with JavaScript and React is required.

Familiarity with microservices-based architecture and REST APIs.

Experience with Protobuf for data serialization is preferred.

Experience with software development processes and tools.

Experience with software’s processing time optimization, CUDA implementation tools like cuBLAS.

Experience with UI development and testing is a plus.

Experience with 3D reconstruction techniques is an asset.

Education/Experience:

Currently attending University, preferably a graduate student.

Special Knowledge and Skills:

Strong technical and analytical skills.

Ability to work on complex engineering systems with creative ways.

Proficient in Microsoft Office Products (Excel, Word, Power Point)

Professional Communication skills (written and verbal).

Work Environment:

Normal amount of sitting or standing, average mobility to move around an office environment, able to conduct normal amount of work at a computer.

The candidate may be exposed to the automotive manufacturing environment.

Awareness, Unity, Empowerment:
At Magna, we believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success. That’s why we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We hire on the basis of experience and qualifications, and in consideration of job requirements, regardless of, in particular, color, ancestry, religion, gender, origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability or gender identity. Magna takes the privacy of your personal information seriously. We discourage you from sending applications via email to comply with GDPR requirements and your local Data Privacy Law.
Worker Type:
Student / Co-Op
Group:
Magna Corporate