About the job
OUR STORY

TechInsights is the information platform for the semiconductor industry.

Regarded as the most trusted source of actionable, in-depth intelligence related to semiconductor innovation and surrounding markets, TechInsights’ content informs decision makers and professionals whose success depends on accurate knowledge of the semiconductor industry—past, present, or future.

Over 650 companies and 100,000 users access the TechInsights Platform, the world’s largest vertically integrated collection of unmatched reverse engineering, teardown, and market analysis in the semiconductor industry. This collection includes detailed circuit analysis, imagery, semiconductor process flows, device teardowns, illustrations, costing and pricing information, forecasts, market analysis, and expert commentary. TechInsights’ customers include the most successful technology companies who rely on TechInsights’ analysis to make informed business, design, and product decisions faster and with greater confidence. For more information, visit www.techinsights.com.

THE OPPORTUNITY

At TechInsights, our Co-op Student Program is founded on the principle of nurturing the next generation of talent by providing an immersive and enriching work experience. We aim to bridge the gap between academic learning and real-world application, offering students the opportunity to apply their knowledge in a dynamic and innovative industry. Through this program, we strive to foster a culture of mentorship, collaboration, and continuous learning, empowering co-op students to contribute meaningfully to our projects and initiatives.

This role is an on-site role at our Ottawa office.

TechInsights Inc. operates a professional software development program. Its team of 30+ software engineers and developers designs forward-thinking, elegant web applications that leverage a cloud-native microservices architecture.

We are looking for a motivated, driven-to-learn co-op student to contribute to the full stack development efforts of our Rapid Response team. This student will benefit from the expertise of a tenured technical supervisor and colleagues as they tackle quick-turn development work.

In this role, the co-op student will write FE and BE code to add new features to our application(s). He/she/they will also correct defects and correct technical debt issues. All development in this team is performed using an Agile Kanban development method wherein the developer uses best-in-class tools to develop, test and deploy our software at high-frequency behind feature flags.

What You Will Do

Write and deploy FE and/or BE software in the platform (or internal tools)
Java, Python, Angular, NodeJS, C++, C#, CSS, HTML, React, React Native, Go
Retool and/or AWS Amplify
Bugfixes
Technical debt fixes
Write technical documentation describing implementations, problems and/or fixes
Work with a Git code repo
Branch repos, implement code leveraging Git, commit unit tests, deploy using a CI/CD pipeline, submit and comment PRs
Monitor software performance and analyze logs in Data and CloudWatch
Work with QA to facilitate code testing
Work with Engineers to understand design specifications and ensure implementations embody design intent
Debug PROD issues and suggest (and then implement) fixes
WHO YOU ARE

Must be a second-year university or third-year college student in a related program
Must have a CGPA in the current year of study of 75% or higher
Must be a post-secondary student
Work is prescribed and completed with little autonomy
Works under close supervision or follows clearly defined procedures

As part of the recruitment process for this position, you will be required to submit your latest citizenship and/or permanent residency information. This information will be used to comply with U.S. Export Control Laws and Regulations.

WHY WORK WITH US

Expected salary: $20-$25/hour CAD
Strong sense of camaraderie, mutual respect, and shared goals among colleagues
Support for community through charitable alliances
Professional and career development opportunities
Wellness resources and support from management

Technology knows no bounds, and neither does TechInsights. Bringing together talented humans from different perspectives, backgrounds and abilities is something we take seriously. We’re committed to building an inclusive environment that welcomes you to be your authentic self and allows us to push past the boundaries together.

TechInsights is committed to meeting the needs of people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.

As part of any recruitment process, TechInsights collects and processes personal data relating to job applicants. We are committed to being transparent about how we collect and use that data and to meeting our data protection obligations. Our Privacy policy can be referenced here: https://www.techinsights.com/privacy-policy

Powered by JazzHR

JfJk6XF7z5