It’s 1813 and Humphrey Davy is dazzling London with scientific demonstrations and lectures. Soon enters the young bookbinder, Michael Faraday, dissatisfied with his own prospects and enamored by the mysteries of electricity. Faraday gets a break and gains an apprenticeship with Davy, and shortly thereafter (partially) blows himself and Davy up in a nitrogen trichloride explosion.

We think Davy’s sacrifice was worth it, though, since Faraday went on to do experimental work in the field of electromagnetism that is foundational to innumerable modern technologies. While we can’t promise you’ll become the next Faraday, we can promise you won’t be asked to deal with explosives on the job.

Instead, you’ll be receiving mentorship from experienced engineers, writing TypeScript and/or Haskell code, and contributing to a product that serves over 100,000 businesses. Check out demo.mercury.com to see our product for yourself.

As an Engineering Intern, you’ll join a team that aligns with your goals and interests. During the interview process, you’ll have the opportunity to talk through the various team openings. 

All Engineering Interns, regardless of the specific role, should:

Be interested in continually honing their craft.
Have curiosity and be willing to share their perspective.
Appreciate quality in their work and that of others.
Communicate well, and be able to write clear explanations of their reasoning on technical decisions.
Backend Engineering Interns should have experience using the Haskell programming language, or a strong desire to learn it, and have some familiarity with SQL. In this role you can expect to:

Collaborate with data analysts to spec and build features that draw new customers to our product.
Provide a backend to our mobile and web frontends, to do things like search transactions or send wire transfers.
Build admin tools to increase the efficiency of day-to-day support operations, like identifying fraudulent customers or managing accounts.
Integrate with third-party APIs, to do things like send checks or validate SWIFT codes.
This is a paid full-time remote summer internship for 12-16 weeks between May - September. Our internship program is intended for individuals enrolled in an academic program (undergraduate, graduate, etc.). Individuals interested but not enrolled in an academic program at this time are encouraged to apply to any of our full-time openings.

In terms of compensation, the hourly rate for candidates based in the US is $55. The hourly rate for candidates based in Canada is CAD 55.

Applications close on February 7th, 2025. Please apply only to the single intern position that best aligns with your qualifications and interests.