Job Title: Co-Op/ Intern, Software Development  (Summer 2025 Term)

Location: Vancouver, BC

Term: 4 months

Start Date: April 28, 2025

Openings: 4

 

Hootsuite’s Developers would love to help Computer Science students/ interns develop their technical skills and knowledge about people, process, and technology by working with students over the summer term. You’ll pair with a mentor and work at our Vancouver office side-by-side with a passionate, egoless team having fun building something bigger than themselves. Experience what it’s like to make a difference in people's lives by building the products that our customers turn messages into meaningful relationships.


WHAT YOU’LL DO:

Work with mentors to learn the craft of Software Development
Collaborate in small teams to design, build, and ship high-quality software to Production
Participate in code reviews to continually improve your craft and approach to problem solving
Iterate in an agile fashion; creating hypotheses and testing them with incremental changes
Work-out-loud by sharing your work and experiences internally and with our community
You’ll be working with our tech stack (Scala, Javascript, Go and PHP) and with relational databases and non-relational databases (MySQL, MongoDB, Redis, etc.)

WHAT YOU’LL NEED:

Experience shipping code or a demonstrated interest in programming or technical skills
A demonstrated history of creative thinking and collaborative problem solving
A drive to complete things because you want to, not because you have to
Collaboration and Teamwork: works with others to deliver results, meaningfully contributing to the team and prioritizing group needs over individual needs
Creativity and Innovation: seeks new and better ways of doing things, generates original and imaginative ideas, products, or solutions
Courage: steps up to address difficult issues, saying what needs to be said
Open Communication: clearly conveys thoughts, both written and verbally, listening attentively and asking questions for clarification and understanding
WHO YOU ARE:

Tenacious. You are determined to succeed, and you are motivated by the success of customers, colleagues and the community.
Curious. You are always learning and seeking ways to make things better.
Conscientious. You keep your promises, taking your commitments to others seriously, and you have strong integrity.
Humble. You lead with humility and empathy, respecting and learning from the perspectives of others.
In all we do, our six guiding principles light the way:

Step Up: Dare to go beyond the expected to achieve greatness. #StepUp

One Team: Make Hootsuite a place we soar together by respecting each other's individuality, building trust, and showing up for the team. #OneTeam #FreeToBeMe

Customer Obsessed: Focus relentlessly on helping our customers succeed. #CustomerObsessed

Go Fast, Be Agile: Widen our competitive advantage by committing to speed and simplicity over perfection and complexity. #GoFastBeAgile

Play to Win: Commit to building an incredible, profitable company for our customers, our employees, and our stakeholders. #PlayToWin #NoExcuses

Neighbours & Allies: Give back to our communities and be an ally. #SocialForGood #Allies

 

We are an equal opportunity employer and welcome applications from all qualified candidates. If you are interested in this exciting opportunity, please submit your resume and cover letter for consideration.

Accommodations will be provided as requested by candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.

 

Canada Pay Range For This Role
$53,800—$64,600 CAD