Software Engineering Intern
About Us
Ada is an AI customer service company whose mission is to make customer service extraordinary for everyone. We're driven to raise a new standard of quality customer service at scale, enabling enterprise companies to deliver experiences that people love–instant, proactive, personalized, and effortless.

Ada is an AI transformation platform and partner—combining strategic expertise with powerful AI agent management technology to accelerate businesses’ AI maturity to keep them ahead of the curve. With Ada, 83% of customer conversations—and counting—are effortlessly resolved through automation, giving teams more time back, companies more resources to focus on growth, and customers more life to focus on what matters most to them.

Established in 2016, Ada is a Canadian company that has powered over 5.5 billion interactions for leading brands like Square, YETI, Canva, and Monday.com, saving millions of hours of human effort. Backed with over $250M in funding from tier-one investors including Accel, Bessemer, FirstMark, Spark, and Version One Ventures, Ada is a pioneer in the management and application of AI in customer service.

At Ada, we see growth as a reflection of each individual owner’s personal growth. That’s why our values are rooted in driving progress and continuous improvement. If you’re ambitious and eager to grow, Ada could be the place for you.

Learn more at www.ada.cx.

We are seeking a dynamic and talented Undergraduate Software Engineering Interns/Co-ops to join our team. This experience provides a unique opportunity for 2nd or 3rd or 4th-year undergraduates to apply their skills and learn from experienced professionals in artificial intelligence. You'll work on exciting projects, develop practical skills, and make meaningful contributions to our innovative AI solutions.

At Ada, our program runs for 4 months, with spring contract dates being May 7 to August 29, 2025. 

About You
Currently enrolled as a 2nd or 3rd-year undergraduate student pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
Must have previous co-op or internship experience
Proficiency in programming languages such as Python, Java, or C++.
Basic understanding of data structures, algorithms, and software design principles.
Eagerness to learn and apply new technologies, particularly in the field of artificial intelligence.
Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
Excellent communication, collaboration, and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team.
Previous experience with AI or machine learning concepts is a plus but not required.
Outcomes
Deliver high-quality production-ready code with direction from the team.
Execute on defined tasks and contribute to solving problems with defined solutions in the AI space. 
Participate in the core processes of the team (planning, on-call rotations, bug triage, metrics review, etc)
Participate in code reviews and raise questions to help me learn the codebases and technologies relevant to my work
Contribute to a positive sense of community on my team (e.g., engage in team activities, offsites etc) 
Proactively share relevant information on my project including difficult task-level trade-offs that impact the product to my manager and team (including product/business partners).
Actively contribute to virtual program learning sessions such as: time management and career development etc.
Perks
Flexible work schedule
Remote-first, In-person friendly work environment
Development opportunities
#LI-NS1

Benefits & Perks
At Ada, you’ll not only build extraordinary products but also thrive in an environment designed for your success. We prioritize your well-being, growth, and work-life balance. Here’s what we offer:

Benefits
Unlimited Vacation: Recharge when you need to.
Comprehensive Benefits: Extended health coverage, dental, vision, travel, and life insurance.
Wellness Account: Empowering you to invest in your overall well-being and lifestyle.
Employee & Family Assistance Plan: Resources to support you and your loved ones.
Perks
Flexible Work Schedule: Balance your work and personal life.
Remote-First, In-Person Friendly: Options to work from home or at our local hub.
Learning & Development Budget: Invest in your long-term growth goals and skills.
Work from Home Budget: Equipping you with the tools and support for a seamless remote work experience.
Access to Cutting-Edge AI Tools: Work with the best AI tech stack in the industry.
Hands-On with LLMs: Enhance your expertise in leveraging large language models.
A Thriving Industry: Join the forefront of innovation in AI, shaping the future of technology.

The above Benefits and Perks only apply to full-time, permanent employees.

Thank you for your interest in joining us at Ada. Due to the high volume of applications, we will only contact candidates whose qualifications match closely to the requirements of the position. We appreciate the time you have invested in learning more about us.