Kepler is on an audacious mission to deliver Internet connectivity to space, creating the infrastructure to support the rapidly increasing data needs of the space economy. With 23 satellites launched to date and our optical constellation on the horizon, our ambition is to improve access to space-generated data, whether in LEO, MEO, GEO, or beyond! Kepler is hard at work innovating and continuing to grow and expand our most important asset – the Team! 

This position can be remote or hybrid out of Kepler's Toronto Office located at 24 Ward Street, Toronto ON M6H 4A6.

We’re on the hunt for a top-tier Software Developer Intern who will assist in developing and maintaining high-performance backend services and infrastructure. You will work closely with cross-functional teams such as satellite operations, ground stations and software development to build scalable applications that support the development, testing, and operation of our satellites and mission control software. 
Responsibilities:
Support design and development of reliable, high-quality software related to operating Kepler’s satellite network infrastructure and mission control software automation 
Collaborate with satellite operators and product managers to deliver mission critical ground systems 
Writing thorough tests and documentation 
Participating in software design review and code review processes 
Required Skills and Qualifications:
Enrolled in Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent 
Prior internship experience using Python to develop back end services 
Prior experience supporting software development and test writing 
Excellent communication skills 
Bonus Points:
Ability to effectively use git 
Familiarity in SQL and/or NoSQL databases and data design (PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, etc.) 
Familiarity with containerized software (Docker, Kubernetes, K8s) and infrastructure-as-code (Ansible, Terraform, etc.) 
Kepler Communications is committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We welcome applications from: Women, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, ethnic minorities, visible minorities, people who identify as LGBTQ+ and others who may contribute to diversification in our workplace.

As part of our commitment to accessibility for all persons with disabilities, Kepler will, upon the request of the applicant, provide accommodation during the recruitment process to ensure equal access to applicants with disabilities. Please contact our People & Culture team, through our Career Page to make your accommodation needs known and we will consult with you to ensure suitable accommodation is provided.