Co-op Student, Software Developer (Innovation Strategy and Services)

Overview
The Innovation Strategy and Services department of WorkSafeBC is looking for two highly motivated co-op student, Software Developers to join our team to help us strive towards our vision.

The Innovation Strategy and Services department in the Innovation, Technology and Analytics Division of WorkSafeBC is a small team of business innovation management and technology professionals. Innovation Strategy and Services is responsible for coordinating synergies across the organization to bring opportunities for innovation forward, collaborating with organizational leaders and stakeholders to increase the innovation adoption capacity of the broader organization to support corporate and divisional strategies.

The Innovation Strategy and Services team in WorkSafeBC does rapid prototyping and development of novel products, services and processes. We provide a highly collaborative environment where co-op students can learn, contribute and develop their skills while working on innovative projects that help make a difference to the workers and employers of B.C.

This is a full-time, four-month student positions starting in May 2025 (extension to 8 months is possible if mutually agreeable).

How you’ll make a difference: You’ll apply what you’ve learned in your post-secondary program to benefit workers and employers across B.C.  

Where you’ll work

At WorkSafeBC, we offer a hybrid work model that combines working remotely, and in our offices based on the operational needs of the position.

What you'll do
On Day 1 in this role, you will get a chance to meet your manager and get acquainted with your team. You will spend time setting up administrative and technological essentials, and completing onboarding tasks, including security and payroll setup.

During your first week you will engage in a comprehensive onboarding program designed to equip you for success. You will be partnering and meeting with your manager to discuss your goals and align them with the team’s vision. Additionally, you will learn how our department contributes to the overall business strategy and supports the organization’s mandate. You will also work through the onboarding program alongside your supervisor for added guidance and support.

This role is ideal for an individual who is eager to step beyond their comfort zone. We are looking for someone with a detective mindset, strong motivation, and a passion for innovation. The right candidate will possess analytical and critical thinking skills, enabling them to propose ideas that enhance various processes and initiatives, as well as to explore new approaches to work within the department.

Your daily responsibilities may include:

Prototype and Experimentation: Assist in developing, testing, and iterating on prototypes for new technical solutions using emerging technologies.
Collaboration and Team Engagement: Work closely with product designers, senior innovation advisors, product owners, and senior developers to bring ideas to life.
Innovation Culture and Knowledge Sharing: Contribute to internal demo days, hackathons, and knowledge-sharing sessions to foster innovation within the organization.
Technical Research and Innovation Scouting: Stay up to date on the latest tools, frameworks, and coding practices relevant to innovation and emerging tech.
Independent Work and Task Management: Manage personal tasks efficiently, balancing multiple development priorities while meeting deadlines. Take ownership of assigned projects and work independently to explore solutions, troubleshoot issues, and document progress. Proactively seek guidance or feedback when necessary.
Is this a good fit for you?
We’re looking for someone who is:

Eager to learn about new trends, tools, and technologies
Loves to code
Enjoys rapid development cycles
Welcomes feedback and collaboration
Your background and experience

Currently a 3rd or 4th year student enrolled in a computer science or computer science related program
Experience with UI technologies such as blazor
Understanding of SQL server Knowledge of Web APIs (C#, Core .net)
Familiarity with Python, Pytorch and Tensorflow is an asset
Learn more: Hear from past co-op students on what it’s like to work here.

Important to know

Before we can finalize any offer of employment, you must:

Confirm you’re legally entitled to work in Canada
Confirm you’re a registered student at a post-secondary institution
Consent to criminal records check
WorkSafeBC’s COVID-19 Employee Mandatory Vaccine Policy (the “Policy”) is suspended effective January 9, 2023, however we reserve the right to re-implement it in response to changes in the public health landscape, including public health orders.  We are committed to the protection, health, and safety of our employees and our Communicable Disease Prevention Program and related protocols remain in effect.

Who are we?

At WorkSafeBC, we promote safe and healthy workplaces across British Columbia. We partner with workers and employers to save lives and prevent injury, disease, and disability. When work-related injuries and diseases occur, we provide compensation and support injured workers in their recovery, rehabilitation, and safe return to work. We’re honoured to serve the 2.49 million workers and 263,000 registered employers in our province.

Our Benefits

As a member of our team, you'll have access to services and benefits that help you get the most out of work - and life. Along with a competitive salary, your total compensation package includes:

4% in lieu of benefits
4% in lieu of vacation
Salary: $25.29/hour

What’s it like to work at WorkSafeBC?

It’s challenging, stimulating, and rewarding. Our positions offer diversity and opportunities for professional growth. Every day, the work we do impacts people and changes lives. What we do is important, and so are the people we do it for.

Our ability to make a difference relies on building a team with a rich variety of skills, knowledge, backgrounds, abilities, and experiences that reflects the diversity of the people we serve. We are committed to fostering a welcoming, inclusive, and supportive work culture where everyone can contribute as their best, authentic self.

Learn more: Discover who we are.

Want to apply?

A cover letter, resume and transcript are required. Your cover letter should state your availability (4 or 8 months).
You must apply by 4:30pm PST on the closing date.
Submit all documents in one file (either Word or PDF files).
We encourage all qualified applicants to apply. If you require an accommodation in the assessment process, please email Recruitment Testing Accommodation (SM) when you submit your application.